
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010678                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10677970548                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535505564085                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 394895                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   508592                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267156                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67625788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39968.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15783537709                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20327885811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       373248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       141184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       265088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       390528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       396800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       269568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       272512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       379520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       144384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       394368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       267776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       180864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       144256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       271232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       147840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4356224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1039232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1039232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       407568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34954957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       431543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13221988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24825691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       407568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     36573242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       419555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37160619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       347632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25245247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       347632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     25520954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       419555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     35542334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       431543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13521671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       491479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36932861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       359619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25077424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       455517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16938050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       419555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23195419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       419555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13509683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       371606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     25401081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       431543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13845328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               407963665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       407568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       431543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       407568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       419555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       347632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       347632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       419555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       431543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       491479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       359619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       455517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       419555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       419555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       371606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       431543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6497115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          97324861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               97324861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          97324861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       407568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34954957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       431543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13221988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       335644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24825691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       407568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     36573242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       419555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37160619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       347632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25245247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       347632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     25520954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       419555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     35542334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       431543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13521671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       491479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36932861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       359619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25077424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       455517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16938050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       419555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23195419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       419555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13509683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       371606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     25401081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       431543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13845328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              505288526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2077766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699269                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205315                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817691                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213005                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9093                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20180458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11797557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2077766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2470356                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        597376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       355059                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242867                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206807                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23393471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20923115     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133636      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         211388      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336148      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139474      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         154696      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         167120      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         109202      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1218692      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23393471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460722                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19994234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       543116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2462282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6512                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       387324                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14401348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       387324                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20025369                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        177452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       276356                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2438237                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        88728                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14392704                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        25211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3392                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19981468                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66949624                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66949624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2957475                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          270518                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1371803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       736869                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       169096                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14372282                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13590405                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1845721                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4123681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          270                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23393471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17663436     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300106      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255804      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859295      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       801966      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229366      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180492      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60888      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42118      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23393471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3198     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9826     38.57%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12449     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11384319     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215091      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256653      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732696      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13590405                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530737                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50616841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16221744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13369375                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13615878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40498                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22654                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          878                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       387324                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        120331                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12463                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14375888                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1371803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736869                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9262                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13395581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1884156                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732353                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523129                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13369643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13369375                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7816629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20420847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382777                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2118724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209395                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23006147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18027172     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412657     10.49%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939323      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505211      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377910      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211563      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130630      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116427      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285254      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23006147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837772                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123557                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285254                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37096744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29139194                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                327855                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2213174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.560664                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.560664                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60405610                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18533365                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13434250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2322853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1933830                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249522                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20195702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12738815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2322853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1096419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2654247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        594681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       650126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1256234                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23879737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21225490     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         162696      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         203562      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         326090      1.37%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         137365      0.58%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         176484      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         204995      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          94551      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1348504      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23879737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090713                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20077112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       780328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2641668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1251                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       379377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       353537                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15573776                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       379377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20097853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         64504                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       658974                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2622164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        56857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15477597                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        39700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21612109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     71966309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     71966309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     18044218                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3567891                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3717                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          200578                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       757107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8301                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       166083                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15108208                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3732                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14482233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15281                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1858675                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3800647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23879737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17750348     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2790227     11.68%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143922      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640676      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869997      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268911      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263186      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141285      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11185      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23879737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99868     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13789     10.89%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12968     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12199955     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197568      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328360      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754560      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14482233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565565                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126625                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52986109                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16970721                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14101559                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14608858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10692                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11705                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       379377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49191                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6213                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15111945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125360                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       245740                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14228225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305786                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2060242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2011513                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           754456                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555646                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14101666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14101559                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8446673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22696649                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.550699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10497793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12935728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2176272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       214664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23500360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18027580     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773102     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1006696      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501217      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459063      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193384      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190712      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90709      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257897      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23500360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10497793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12935728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1918243                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1172841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1874858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11646522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       267140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       257897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38354385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30603389                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                308826                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1726908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10497793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12935728                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10497793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.439241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.439241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.409964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.409964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       64013571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19704093                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14398390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1936511                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156483                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277850                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113384                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20552117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11011100                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1936511                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1391234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2454399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        516474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       307487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1245391                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153236                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23673166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21218767     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         378219      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         185485      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         374358      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         115562      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         348019      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          53706      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          86335      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         912715      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23673166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430009                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20351042                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       513697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2449278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1983                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       357162                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       178068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1977                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12279908                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4710                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       357162                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20374315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        306639                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       135256                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2426580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        73210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12260354                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        56728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16026302                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     55512371                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     55512371                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12929511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3096791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          814                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          168136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2250287                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       350283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        78786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12196597                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1606                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11400963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2252723                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4631010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23673166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18675540     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555038      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693775      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973461      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498902      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125509      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144586      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3517      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2838      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23673166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18596     56.89%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7784     23.81%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6309     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8915746     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86998      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050711     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346719      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11400963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.445235                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46515264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14450966                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11106581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11433652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       470246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9263                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       357162                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        220072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12198215                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2250287                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          812                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4177                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          227                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       165435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11258150                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021600                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2368269                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1713707                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           346669                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.439657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11109697                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11106581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6727229                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14516250                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.433738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463427                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8844106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9928107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2270643                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       155327                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23316004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19634071     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435948      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931284      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293305      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491760      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93654      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59830      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53830      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322322      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23316004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8844106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9928107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2121061                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1780041                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1525710                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8667946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       121431                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       322322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35192393                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24754950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                465287                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1933479                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8844106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9928107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8844106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.895334                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.895334                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.345383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.345383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       52382074                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14437923                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13094307                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1997958                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106968                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711905                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110019                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4675                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21159602                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12565926                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1997958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       821924                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2484650                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        336712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       469693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1216687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24341067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21856417     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          88712      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         181981      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          75382      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         412380      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         367401      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          70250      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         148884      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1139660      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24341067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.078025                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.490729                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21041766                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       589129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2475460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7833                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       226876                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       175681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14736998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1492                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       226876                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21063341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        411912                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       110342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2463117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        65476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14728508                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        27599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        23990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          339                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     17302513                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     69367148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     69367148                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15309867                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1992609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1723                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          167747                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3471446                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1754056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        85996                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14698084                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14119492                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7673                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1157626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2782671                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24341067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19327912     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497882      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233617      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531894      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676128      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654222      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371451      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29322      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18639      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24341067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35942     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278680     86.36%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8059      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8863055     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123436      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3382397     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1749760     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14119492                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.551400                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52910405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15857811                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13996549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14442173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25511                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138474                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          375                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1248                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       226876                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        375894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18078                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14699830                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3471446                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          879                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12255                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          375                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61221                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63841                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       125062                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14018874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3370567                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5120148                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1836339                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1749581                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.547470                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13997092                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13996549                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7561793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14906982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.546598                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11361211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13351426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1349727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       109079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24114191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19274357     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764976      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828739      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       818784      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223047      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952991      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71509      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51881      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127907      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24114191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11361211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13351426                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              5075584                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3332963                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1763008                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11872840                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       127907                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           38687398                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29629242                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                466024                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1265578                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11361211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13351426                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11361211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.253866                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.253866                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443682                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443682                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       69293143                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16261453                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      17535093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1997449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801547                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106315                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711672                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4650                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21150877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12562482                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1997449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       821689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2483886                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        334577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       471292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1215699                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24331694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21847808     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          89005      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         181807      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          75272      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         412131      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         367479      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          70690      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         148188      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1139314      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24331694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.078005                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.490595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21033126                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       590546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2474800                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7826                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       225393                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       175992                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14731384                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       225393                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21054606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        414230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       109959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2462523                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        64980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14722710                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        27702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        23834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          170                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17291870                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     69339089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     69339089                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15313294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1978564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1725                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          880                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          166980                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3471680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1754945                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16550                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        86227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14691977                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14118352                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1147821                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2758913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24331694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19318835     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496944      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234770      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531776      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675738      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654392      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371605      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29074      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18560      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24331694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35929     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278652     86.36%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8074      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8859032     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123449      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3384319     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750708     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14118352                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.551355                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52898798                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15841911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13996027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14441007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25811                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          385                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       225393                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        377381                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14693726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3471680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754945                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          881                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12365                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          385                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60690                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       124214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14018657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3372577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5123114                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1836826                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1750537                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.547462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13996592                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13996027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7559890                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14895532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.546578                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507527                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11364489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13355151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1339837                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       108421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24106301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19265181     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765157      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829066      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819557      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222725      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953466      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71164      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51903      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128082      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24106301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11364489                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13355151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              5077819                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3334453                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1763455                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11876118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       128082                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38673168                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29615418                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                465363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1274951                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11364489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13355151                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11364489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.253216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.253216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443810                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443810                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       69295947                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16256130                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      17534332                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1936816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733400                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156418                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311395                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278059                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113228                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4611                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20551936                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11010340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1936816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1391287                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2453943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        515814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       307556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1245209                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153185                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23672002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21218059     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         378043      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         185132      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         374172      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         115589      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         348587      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53638      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86451      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         912331      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23672002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.429980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20353294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       511274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2448837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2032                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       356561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178511                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1982                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12279234                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4739                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       356561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20376210                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        304883                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       135483                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2426299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        72562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12259678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        55812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16024993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55505101                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55505101                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12933355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3091618                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          817                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          166559                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248343                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       350207                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3166                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        78706                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12194939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11402319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7555                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2247331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4610063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23672002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18674260     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554131      6.57%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1694764      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973759      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498349      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125537      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144931      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3452      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2819      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23672002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18704     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7786     23.73%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6318     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8917844     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87005      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049850     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346831      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11402319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.445288                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32808                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46517003                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14443920                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11108853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11435127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       467457                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9117                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       356561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        219795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12196567                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248343                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350207                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          224                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       165384                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11259327                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020823                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142992                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2367601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1714174                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           346778                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.439703                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11111900                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11108853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6727848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14520530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.433827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8847165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9931344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2265718                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       155261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23315441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19633429     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435651      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931420      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293079      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491888      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93516      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59715      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53750      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322993      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23315441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8847165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9931344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2121971                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1780881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1526246                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8670720                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       121463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       322993                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35189471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24750987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                465097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1934643                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8847165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9931344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8847165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.894333                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.894333                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.345503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.345503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52387987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14440946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13093991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1936525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278224                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113301                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20543153                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11007222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1936525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1391525                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2453068                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        516358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       307181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1244838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153169                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23662587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21209519     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         377517      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         185280      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         374075      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         115618      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         348492      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          53822      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          86394      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         911870      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23662587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.429858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20342723                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       512644                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2448049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1983                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       357184                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       178482                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1977                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12275563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4720                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       357184                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20365896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        306738                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       134411                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2425343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        73011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12256324                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        56577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16019190                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55489372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55489372                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12920261                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3098902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          817                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          167523                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248724                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       349952                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2998                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        78743                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12191581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11395305                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2254340                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4631665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23662587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18667410     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554078      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693294      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973582      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       497661      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125224      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145051      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3473      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2814      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23662587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18660     56.95%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7804     23.82%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6300     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8911504     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86906      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049737     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346370      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11395305                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445014                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32764                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46493555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14447571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11101475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11428069                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469301                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9319                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       357184                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        220579                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12193207                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248724                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349952                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          816                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          219                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60011                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       165511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11252561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020460                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2366778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1713217                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           346318                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.439439                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11104594                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11101475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6723053                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14508110                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.433539                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463400                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8838710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9921403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2272291                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       155192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23305403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19626036     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434934      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931105      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292447      1.25%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491448      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93685      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59744      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53795      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322209      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23305403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8838710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9921403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2120050                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1779421                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1524715                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8661925                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       121289                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       322209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35176849                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24744881                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                465224                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1944058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8838710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9921403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8838710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.897102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.897102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.345173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.345173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52355669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14430407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13089576                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2078701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204822                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852997                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9132                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20169575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11800925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2078701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1031136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2470610                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        595626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       356001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1241925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23382512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20911902     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         133300      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         210655      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         336325      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         139924      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         155793      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         166276      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         109043      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1219294      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23382512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081178                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460854                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19983370                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       544071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2462490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       386048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       340858                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14405879                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       386048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20014355                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        174850                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       279370                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2438579                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        89305                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14396476                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        25181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        33685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4265                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19986029                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     66969029                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     66969029                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17031683                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2954325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2065                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          270641                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372163                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       738032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22383                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       168643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14376296                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3724                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13595860                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4119836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23382512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17651324     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299307      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257179      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858541      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802705      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       230186      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180328      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60682      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42260      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23382512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3234     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9873     38.58%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12482     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11388045     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215152      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1647      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257501      9.25%     94.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733515      5.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13595860                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530950                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25589                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50617157                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16224533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13374253                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13621449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41262                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          887                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       386048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        118947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12477                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14380038                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372163                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9234                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118984                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117327                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       236311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13400574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182350                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1915455                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1885046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           733105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13374510                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13374253                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7819735                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20427105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522296                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10004601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12262722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2117356                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       208914                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22996464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18016808     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412519     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939431      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505215      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378208      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211285      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130691      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116163      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286144      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22996464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10004601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12262722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1838619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1124073                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1760399                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11049454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       249103                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       286144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37090333                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29146252                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                327494                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2224133                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10004601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12262722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10004601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.559487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.559487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60427041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18539950                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13438806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2322207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1933191                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       878305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846001                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9798                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20194819                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12737806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2322207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1095449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2654124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        593961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       653385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1255791                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203415                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23881546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21227422     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         162922      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         204166      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         326827      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         136196      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         175983      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         204671      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          94363      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1348996      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23881546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090688                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20075964                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       783802                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2641570                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       378936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       353505                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15571112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1669                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       378936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20096778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         64901                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       661776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2622006                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        57141                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15474969                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21610488                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     71953712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     71953712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     18044620                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3565854                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3763                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          201168                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1451536                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       757318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8430                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       170839                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15106807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14480523                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1854971                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3797874                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23881546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17748559     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795572     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144093      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640605      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868286      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268551      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263341      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141307      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11232      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23881546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100412     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13754     10.82%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12938     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12198073     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197782      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328207      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754671      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14480523                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565499                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            127104                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008778                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52985585                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16965656                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14101639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14607627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10826                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11901                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       378936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         49667                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15110589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1451536                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       245194                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14227688                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2060111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2011403                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           754556                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14101729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14101639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8446315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22692102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550702                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10498027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12936016                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2174622                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       214396                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23502610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18027397     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775426     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007465      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500956      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458967      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193028      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191008      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91168      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257195      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23502610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10498027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12936016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1918286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1172869                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1874903                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11646774                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       267143                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       257195                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           38355975                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30600234                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                308421                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1725099                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10498027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12936016                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10498027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.439186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.439186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409973                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409973                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       64012524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19703944                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14397850                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1997464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106516                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       751477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711377                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109840                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4617                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21152922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12565812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1997464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       821217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2483535                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        335731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       468244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1216013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24331267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21847732     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          88240      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         181356      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          75540      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         411676      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         367328      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          70992      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         149114      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1139289      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24331267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.078006                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.490725                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21034717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       588045                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2474370                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7826                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       226306                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       175937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14735437                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1580                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       226306                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21056773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        410023                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       110164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2461398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        66600                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14726807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        27563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        24540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          528                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17300252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     69359945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     69359945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15309861                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1990385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1720                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          876                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          171251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3471111                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1754515                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        86243                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14695968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1726                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14118756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7735                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1153835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2777595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24331267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19317166     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1497959      6.16%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234829      5.08%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532645      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675723      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       653469      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       371947      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28947      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18582      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24331267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35743     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278562     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8076      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8861282     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123593      0.88%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3382934     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750103     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14118756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.551371                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322381                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52898895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15851915                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13996357                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14441137                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25682                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138148                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          389                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11894                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       226306                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        373409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14697711                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3471111                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1754515                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          876                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12321                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          389                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       124598                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14018911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3371028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99845                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5120945                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1836577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1749917                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.547472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13996869                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13996357                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7561609                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14904267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546591                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507345                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11361202                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13351417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1347585                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       108626                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24104961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19264639     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765370      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829144      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       818837      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222918      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952620      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71516      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51956      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127961      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24104961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11361202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13351417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5075576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3332960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1763008                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11872831                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       127961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           38675963                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29624356                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                465458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1275378                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11361202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13351417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11361202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.253868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.253868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443682                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443682                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       69293504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16260677                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      17535526                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1935818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310064                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278359                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4661                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20549260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11005409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1935818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1391611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2453738                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        516509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       303778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1245383                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23665875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21212137     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         377831      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         185752      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         374412      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         115825      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         348461      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          53562      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          86108      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         911787      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23665875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.429787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20353006                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       505105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2448690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       357092                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       178213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1982                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12274212                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4723                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       357092                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20375710                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        300100                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       135157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2426410                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        71402                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12254551                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        55126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16017307                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     55484433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     55484433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12923737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3093570                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          818                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          164533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       350013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3137                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        78732                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12190319                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1613                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11396020                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7418                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2250512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4622191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23665875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18670760     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553308      6.56%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693912      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972893      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498741      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125552      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144346      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3495      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2868      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23665875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18611     56.92%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7774     23.78%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6309     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8912167     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86939      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049647     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346478      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11396020                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.445042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32694                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46498027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14442489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11102127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11428714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8735                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9210                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       357092                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        216517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12191951                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          817                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          234                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60103                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       165553                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11252924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020172                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2366601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1713266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           346429                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.439453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11105116                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11102127                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6723793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14510433                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.433564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463376                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8840770                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9923995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2268474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       155421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23308783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19628963     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434854      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931019      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292532      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491816      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93722      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59764      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53855      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322258      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23308783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8840770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9923995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2120490                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1779687                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1525116                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8664258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       121351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       322258                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35178955                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24742305                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                465384                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1940770                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8840770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9923995                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8840770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.896427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.896427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.345253                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.345253                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       52357865                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14431111                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13087813                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25606637                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2113726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1729231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208417                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       890971                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831175                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217955                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9443                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20375525                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11810426                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2113726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1049130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2465215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        567196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       462466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1247514                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208475                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23659300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21194085     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         114893      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         182455      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         246730      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         253765      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         215496      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         120539      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         179863      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1151474      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23659300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082546                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461225                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20171875                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       668071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2460719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       355832                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       347998                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14493895                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1538                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       355832                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20227109                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        139543                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       403076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2408964                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       124773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14488250                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        16602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        54579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     20220564                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     67392570                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     67392570                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17531500                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2689064                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3546                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          376558                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       734476                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8527                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       214506                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14469148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3558                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13747092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1592402                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3797747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23659300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17808968     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2431546     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225483      5.18%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902056      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710141      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289701      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183243      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95411      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12751      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23659300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2499     10.86%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8410     36.56%     47.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12094     52.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11562474     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204546      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1723      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246341      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732008      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13747092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536857                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23003                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51178512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16065162                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13537973                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13770095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219270                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10053                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       355832                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        112400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12049                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14472726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734476                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1823                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10171                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121041                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117038                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       238079                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13554996                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1172334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1904284                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1926945                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           731950                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.529355                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13538103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13537973                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7771095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20941234                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371091                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10219553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12575065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1897676                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       210799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23303468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18117184     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2584069     11.09%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       964173      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458612      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405279      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223481      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184375      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88317      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       277978      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23303468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10219553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12575065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1863160                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1138737                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1813289                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11330086                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       259005                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       277978                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           37498166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29301329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                309853                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1947337                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10219553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12575065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10219553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.505651                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.505651                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.399098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.399098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       61006525                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18860970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13434619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2085448                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1710974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863002                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815016                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212963                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19922835                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11848074                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2085448                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1027979                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2605609                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        583781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       628869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1228632                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204826                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23531429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20925820     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         280312      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         326971      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         179799      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         209074      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         113861      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          77772      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         201778      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1216042      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23531429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19764173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       791004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2584564                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       371962                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       337415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14459931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        11102                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       371962                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19794904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        280323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       423757                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2574766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        85715                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14450364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        22254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20085632                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67282014                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67282014                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17145843                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2939789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3756                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2083                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          232873                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1379818                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       750526                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       165870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14427234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3764                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13630095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17858                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1802007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4176725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23531429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17784093     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2315435      9.84%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241149      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859089      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750414      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383802      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92249      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60649      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44549      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23531429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3495     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12481     42.73%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13230     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11412095     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212915      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258550      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       744865      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13630095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532287                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29206                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50838683                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13405417                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13659301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34544                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243514                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15264                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          833                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       371962                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        231232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14321                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14431020                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1379818                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750526                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2083                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119315                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115920                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       235235                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13429424                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1927772                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1879717                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           744647                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13405724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13405417                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7971260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20873979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523513                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10069075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12353783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2077408                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       207433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23159467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18111540     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2341648     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980420      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588632      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409159      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263808      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137215      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109927      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217118      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23159467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10069075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12353783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1871566                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1136304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1768079                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11137483                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       251395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       217118                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37373475                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29234358                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                306763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2075216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10069075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12353783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10069075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.543098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.543098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60582938                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18608850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13497044                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25606642                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2323273                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1934139                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212676                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880987                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846718                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249404                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9835                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20196535                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12743476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2323273                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1096122                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2654770                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        593597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       655535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1255795                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203206                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23885804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21231034     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         162651      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         203511      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         326677      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         137004      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         176357      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         204872      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          94574      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1349124      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23885804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090729                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497663                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20077561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       786276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2641978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       378684                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       353645                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15576624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       378684                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20098610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         64799                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       664235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2622194                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        57274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15478835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21615566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     71971031                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     71971031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     18051336                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3564230                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3720                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          201645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1451785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       757515                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8421                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       170674                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15109780                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3733                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14484311                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1854870                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3791949                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23885804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17751320     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795595     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144634      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641288      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868703      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268595      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263102      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141351      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11216      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23885804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99940     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13727     10.84%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12957     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12201682     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197731      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328146      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754962      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14484311                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565647                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126624                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52996349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16968486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14105059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14610935                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10864                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278498                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11844                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       378684                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15113519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1451785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757515                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5365                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124865                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120260                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       245125                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14230949                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305828                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2060654                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2011897                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           754826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555752                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14105165                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14105059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8448622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22696072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550836                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10501870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12940742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2172839                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       214284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23507120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18030235     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775641     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007881      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501703      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459207      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193079      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190954      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91077      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257343      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23507120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10501870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12940742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1918958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1173287                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1875575                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11651020                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       267234                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       257343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           38363280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30605857                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                308334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1720838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10501870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12940742                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10501870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.438294                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.438294                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410123                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410123                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       64028057                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19709381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14404114                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1936081                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156679                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311986                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112957                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4637                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20547485                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11005212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1936081                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1390522                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2452178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        516858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       307930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1245131                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23666944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21214766     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         377876      1.60%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184814      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         373926      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         115450      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         348034      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          53472      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          86762      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         911844      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23666944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075609                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.429780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20347554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       512937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2447075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       357347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       178571                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1981                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12271545                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       357347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20370578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        305546                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       136181                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2424421                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        72867                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12251921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        56191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16012398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     55466383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     55466383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12913181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3099217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          825                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          167103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       349607                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        78724                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12187179                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1620                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11391991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2254820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4626523                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23666944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18673756     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553470      6.56%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1692635      7.15%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972037      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498580      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125110      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145042      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3494      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2820      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23666944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18561     56.90%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7767     23.81%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6293     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8908944     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86822      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049397     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346040      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11391991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.444884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32621                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46490895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14443660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11097283                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11424612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9233                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       357347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        219632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12188813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349607                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          824                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          222                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60459                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       165729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11249100                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2366670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1712790                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           345978                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.439304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11100461                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11097283                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6720231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14497407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.433375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463547                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8834645                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9916400                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2272914                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       155522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23309597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19632489     84.22%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433768      6.15%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930198      3.99%     94.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292635      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491205      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93811      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59780      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53912      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321799      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23309597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8834645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9916400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2119362                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1778988                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1523976                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8657452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       121193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       321799                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35177073                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24736259                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                465292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1939701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8834645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9916400                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8834645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.898435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.898435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.345014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.345014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       52338816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14424294                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13086861                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25606645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2322396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1934015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213062                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879737                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249614                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9828                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20188441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12737165                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2322396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1096106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2653660                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        595070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       655581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1255688                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203717                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23877746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21224086     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         162575      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         204063      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         325741      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         137048      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         175733      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         205539      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          94341      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1348620      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23877746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090695                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20069845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       785827                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2640999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       379784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       352920                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15571165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       379784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20090603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         64933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       663891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2621519                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        57008                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15475025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21611440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71957976                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71957976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     18040574                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3570866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3707                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1918                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          200582                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452470                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       756527                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8212                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       168961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15106234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14479106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1861026                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3805097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23877746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17746852     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2793822     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142370      4.78%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641724      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868970      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268491      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262768      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141563      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11186      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23877746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99817     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13745     10.87%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12944     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12197471     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197697      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328093      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754056      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14479106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565443                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126506                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52977649                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16971075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14098594                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14605612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279857                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11285                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       379784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         49615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15109960                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452470                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756527                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1918                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5284                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125685                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120470                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       246155                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14225012                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2059498                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2010544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           753955                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555520                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14098699                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14098594                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8447432                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22701865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550583                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10495624                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12933118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2176895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       214664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23497962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18024783     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773656     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007134      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501492      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458789      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192971      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190864      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90661      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257612      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23497962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10495624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12933118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1917855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1172613                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1874491                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11644149                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       267083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       257612                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38350285                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30599821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                308806                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1728899                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10495624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12933118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10495624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.439745                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.439745                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.409879                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.409879                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       64002082                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19701896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14396264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34043                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.517453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1367705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          66799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.474932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           251.308978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.853060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1200.772806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.015094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   474.866925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.221237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   904.964768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.752173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1303.230869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.594615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1329.828333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.483031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   926.424500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.994009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   924.208703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.871193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1202.410233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.726811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   494.795506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.279295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1344.144209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.734722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   906.034460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.037143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   609.573712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.983551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   809.586619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.008586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   479.895643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.874638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   919.579148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.591789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   493.309241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1415.972521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           805.392082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1184.455243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1389.486245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1317.870187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1169.475777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1147.447164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1381.209256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           751.621070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1336.122753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1192.204430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           895.860878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1181.253787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           784.934820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1153.239558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           739.016084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.036645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.014492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.027617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.039771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.040583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.028272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.028205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.036695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.015100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.041020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.027650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.018603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.024707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.014645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.028063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.015055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.043212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.024579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.036147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.042404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.040218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.035017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.042151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.022938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.040775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.036383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.027340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.036049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.023954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.035194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.022553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   58636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            15608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 15608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4423                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5033                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3646                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2071                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2092                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1413                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4913873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    439432168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5597110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    166413685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4598180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    311357319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5254194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    464055148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5475549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    472253422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4687233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    316234919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4566774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    319201116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5259911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    447206381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5496712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170472341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6218019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    468792976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4574665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    314112351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5698303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212497953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5313207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    291123520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5470552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    170804863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4772046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    317721599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5356078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    174529224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5139461391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       178955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       303000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        481955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4913873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    439432168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5597110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    166413685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4598180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    311357319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5254194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    464055148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5475549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    472253422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4687233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    316413874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4566774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    319201116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5259911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    447206381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5496712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170472341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6218019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    468792976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4574665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    314112351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5698303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212497953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5313207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    291426520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5470552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    170804863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4772046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    317721599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5356078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    174529224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5139943346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4913873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    439432168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5597110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    166413685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4598180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    311357319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5254194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    464055148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5475549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    472253422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4687233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    316413874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4566774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    319201116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5259911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    447206381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5496712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170472341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6218019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    468792976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4574665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    314112351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5698303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212497953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5313207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    291426520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5470552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    170804863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4772046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    317721599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5356078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    174529224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5139943346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               92666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             15608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                92864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               92864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.376295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.404447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.302981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.303365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.310651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.367233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.015152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.301685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.301983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.309320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.366482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.301685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.301983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.309320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.366482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 144525.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150696.902606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155475.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150873.694470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164220.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150341.535007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154535.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152099.360210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156444.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152339.813548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161628.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150230.365321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157474.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149930.068577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150283.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150828.459022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152686.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151127.961879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       151659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152156.110354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152488.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150149.307361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149955.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150387.794055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151805.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150607.097775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156301.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151557.110027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153936.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149939.404908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148779.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151107.553247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151027.369703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       178955                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       151500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160651.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 144525.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150696.902606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155475.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150873.694470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164220.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150341.535007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154535.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152099.360210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156444.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152339.813548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161628.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150244.004748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157474.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149930.068577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150283.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150828.459022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152686.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151127.961879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       151659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152156.110354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152488.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150149.307361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149955.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150387.794055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151805.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150608.020672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156301.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151557.110027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153936.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149939.404908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148779.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151107.553247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151028.218082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 144525.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150696.902606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155475.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150873.694470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164220.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150341.535007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154535.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152099.360210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156444.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152339.813548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161628.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150244.004748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157474.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149930.068577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150283.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150828.459022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152686.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151127.961879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       151659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152156.110354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152488.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150149.307361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149955.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150387.794055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151805.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150608.020672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156301.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151557.110027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153936.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149939.404908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148779.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151107.553247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151028.218082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8119                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8119                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2934393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    269645720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3502478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    102185050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2971276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190693526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3277295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    286454116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3442439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291770892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3004824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    193609769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2881323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    195177454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3220813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    274570810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3405561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    104783659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3834114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    289478498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2830424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    192278184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3484301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130231487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3272513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    178524847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3437579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    105193004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2968862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    194276075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3262096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107282510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3157885892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       120554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       186481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2934393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    269645720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3502478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    102185050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2971276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190693526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3277295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    286454116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3442439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291770892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3004824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    193730323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2881323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    195177454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3220813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    274570810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3405561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    104783659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3834114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    289478498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2830424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    192278184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3484301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130231487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3272513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    178711328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3437579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    105193004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2968862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    194276075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3262096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107282510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158192927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2934393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    269645720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3502478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    102185050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2971276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190693526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3277295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    286454116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3442439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    291770892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3004824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    193730323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2881323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    195177454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3220813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    274570810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3405561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    104783659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3834114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    289478498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2830424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    192278184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3484301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130231487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3272513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    178711328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3437579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    105193004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2968862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    194276075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3262096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107282510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158192927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.376295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.404447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.302981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.303365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.310651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.301685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.301983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.309320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.366482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.397329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.375878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.381163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.301685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.378455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.301983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.369228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.309320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 86305.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92471.097394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97291.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92642.837715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       106117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92077.994206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96391.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93888.599148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98355.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94119.642581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103614.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91976.137292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99355.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91675.647722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92023.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92603.983137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94598.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92893.314716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93514.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93956.020123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94347.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91911.177820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91692.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92166.657466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93500.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92356.361614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98216.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93338.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95769.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91682.904672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90613.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92885.290043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92797.117014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       120554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93240.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 86305.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92471.097394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97291.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92642.837715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       106117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92077.994206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96391.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93888.599148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98355.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94119.642581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103614.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91989.707028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99355.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91675.647722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92023.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92603.983137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94598.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92893.314716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93514.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93956.020123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94347.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91911.177820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91692.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92166.657466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93500.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92357.275452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98216.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93338.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95769.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91682.904672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90613.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92885.290043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92797.958658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 86305.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92471.097394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97291.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92642.837715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       106117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92077.994206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96391.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93888.599148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98355.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94119.642581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103614.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91989.707028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99355.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91675.647722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92023.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92603.983137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94598.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92893.314716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93514.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93956.020123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94347.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91911.177820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91692.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92166.657466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93500.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92357.275452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98216.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93338.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95769.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91682.904672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90613.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92885.290043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92797.958658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.644234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.516190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.644234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6551693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6551693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6551693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6551693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6551693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6551693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145593.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145593.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145593.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145593.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145593.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145593.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5355284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5355284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5355284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5355284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5355284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5355284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153008.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153008.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153008.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153008.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153008.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153008.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21929.154707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.408749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.591251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.892222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.107778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2191436170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2191436170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7272914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7272914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2198709084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2198709084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2198709084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2198709084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116621.583205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116621.583205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82646.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82646.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116463.217543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116463.217543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116463.217543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116463.217543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    767093166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    767093166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       985248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       985248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    768078414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    768078414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    768078414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    768078414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104736.915074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104736.915074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65683.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65683.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104657.094155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104657.094155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104657.094155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104657.094155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              488.138322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              998618706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2025595.752535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.138322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1256186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1256186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1256186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9103470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9103470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9103470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9103470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9103470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9103470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1256234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189655.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189655.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189655.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189655.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189655.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189655.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7317734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7317734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7317734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7317734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192571.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192571.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192571.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192571.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192571.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192571.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148109248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36971.854219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   217.047283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    38.952717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.847841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.152159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1000543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       741674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1742217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1742217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    999110383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    999110383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6190433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6190433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1005300816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1005300816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1005300816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1005300816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1010072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       741753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1751825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1751825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104849.447266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104849.447266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78359.911392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78359.911392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104631.641965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104631.641965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104631.641965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104631.641965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    357609849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357609849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1111771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1111771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358721620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    358721620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358721620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    358721620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95745.608835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95745.608835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 74118.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74118.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95659.098667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95659.098667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95659.098667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95659.098667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              551.497832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              915063901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1645798.383094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.434644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.063188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.040761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1245354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1245354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6485879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6485879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6485879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6485879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6485879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6485879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175294.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175294.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175294.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175294.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175294.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175294.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5364864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5364864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5364864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5364864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5364864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5364864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184995.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184995.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184995.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184995.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 184995.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184995.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204294610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34083.184852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   183.723784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    72.276216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.717671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.282329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1851265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       339365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2190630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2190630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2180817097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2180817097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4217678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4217678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2185034775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2185034775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2185034775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2185034775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1871364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       339410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2210774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2210774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108503.761232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108503.761232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93726.177778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93726.177778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108470.749355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108470.749355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108470.749355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108470.749355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    582061749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    582061749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       711189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       711189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    582772938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    582772938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    582772938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    582772938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101599.188165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101599.188165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        79021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101563.774486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101563.774486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101563.774486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101563.774486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              568.282780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1026157969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1775359.807958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.486309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.796471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.042446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1216643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1216643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1216643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1216643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1216643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7397046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7397046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7397046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7397046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7397046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7397046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1216687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1216687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1216687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168114.681818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168114.681818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168114.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168114.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168114.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168114.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6019652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6019652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6019652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6019652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6019652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6019652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171990.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171990.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171990.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171990.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171990.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171990.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 8117                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              404461637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 8373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             48305.462439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.067961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.932039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3181023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1740861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1740861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4921884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4921884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4921884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4921884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        28611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        28611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3255163564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3255163564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2284250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2284250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3257447814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3257447814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3257447814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3257447814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3209604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3209604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1740891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1740891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4950495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4950495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4950495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4950495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113892.570729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113892.570729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 76141.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76141.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113852.987103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113852.987103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113852.987103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113852.987103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    852120890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    852120890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       587414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       587414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    852708304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    852708304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    852708304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    852708304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105096.311051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105096.311051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65268.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65268.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105052.150302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105052.150302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105052.150302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105052.150302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              570.964522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1026156978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1772291.844560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.545069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.419453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.047348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1215652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1215652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1215652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1215652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1215652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7668067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7668067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7668067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7668067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7668067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7668067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1215699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1215699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1215699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1215699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1215699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1215699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163150.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163150.361702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163150.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163150.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163150.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163150.361702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6174815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6174815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6174815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171522.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171522.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171522.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171522.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171522.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171522.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              404463972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             48213.609727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.071269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.928731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3182612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3182612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1741606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4924218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4924218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4924218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4924218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        28729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        28729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3300563872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3300563872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2446978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2446978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3303010850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3303010850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3303010850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3303010850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3211311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3211311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1741636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4952947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4952947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4952947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4952947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115006.232691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115006.232691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81565.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81565.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114971.312959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114971.312959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114971.312959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114971.312959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    859588970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859588970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       613435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       613435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    860202405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    860202405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    860202405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    860202405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105808.588134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105808.588134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68159.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68159.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105766.925489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105766.925489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105766.925489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105766.925489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              552.435690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              915063719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1642843.301616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.372520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.063170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1245172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1245172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6739696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6739696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6739696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6739696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6739696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6739696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182153.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182153.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182153.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182153.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 182153.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182153.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5558351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5558351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5558351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5558351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5558351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5558351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185278.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185278.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185278.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185278.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185278.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185278.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204293638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34003.601531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   183.847280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    72.152720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.718153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.281847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1850222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       339433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2189655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2189655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2188836732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2188836732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5544251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5544251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2194380983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2194380983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2194380983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2194380983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1870346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       339479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2209825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2209825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108767.478235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108767.478235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120527.195652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120527.195652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108794.297620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108794.297620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108794.297620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108794.297620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    584967450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    584967450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       823044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       823044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    585790494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585790494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    585790494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585790494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101857.469963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101857.469963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91449.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91449.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101841.184631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101841.184631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101841.184631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101841.184631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.611915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              915063345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1642842.630162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.548688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.063227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1244798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1244798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1244798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1244798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1244798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6443831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6443831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6443831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6443831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6443831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6443831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1244838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161095.775000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161095.775000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161095.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161095.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161095.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161095.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5283896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5283896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5283896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5283896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5283896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5283896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176129.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176129.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176129.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176129.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176129.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176129.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              204293328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             34043.214131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   186.048726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    69.951274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.726753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.273247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1850371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       338975                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338975                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2189346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2189346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2188238213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2188238213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4002220                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4002220                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2192240433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2192240433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2192240433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2192240433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1870446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       339020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2209466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2209466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109003.148842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109003.148842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88938.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88938.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108958.272018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108958.272018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108958.272018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108958.272018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    586375059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    586375059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       678764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       678764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    587053823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587053823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    587053823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587053823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102227.172071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102227.172071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75418.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75418.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102185.173716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102185.173716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102185.173716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102185.173716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              521.221273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001249926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1903516.969582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.221273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1241877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1241877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1241877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7320847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7320847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7320847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7320847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7320847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7320847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1241925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152517.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152517.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152517.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152517.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152517.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152517.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5803664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5803664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5803664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5803664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5803664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5803664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161212.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161212.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161212.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161212.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161212.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161212.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166552064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             21908.979742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   228.264374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    27.735626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.891658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.108342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       859780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       711103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1570883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1570883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2208488324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2208488324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7645774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7645774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2216134098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2216134098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2216134098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2216134098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       878542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       711194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1589736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1589736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117710.709093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117710.709093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84019.494505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84019.494505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117548.087731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117548.087731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117548.087731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117548.087731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        11431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        11507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        11507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    773008114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    773008114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       992460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       992460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    774000574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    774000574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    774000574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    774000574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105443.747647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105443.747647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        66164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105363.541247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105363.541247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105363.541247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105363.541247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.604959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              998618261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2025594.849899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.604959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1255741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1255741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1255741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8668242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8668242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8668242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8668242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8668242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8668242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1255791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173364.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173364.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173364.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173364.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173364.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173364.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6731223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6731223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6731223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6731223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6731223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6731223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177137.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177137.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177137.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177137.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177137.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177137.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148108872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 3995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             37073.559950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   217.067258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    38.932742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.847919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.152081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1000104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       741688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1741792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1741792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1004886357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1004886357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6517665                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6517665                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1011404022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1011404022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1011404022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1011404022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1009657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       741768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1751425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1751425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105190.658118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105190.658118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81470.812500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81470.812500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104993.669885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104993.669885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104993.669885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104993.669885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    358574856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358574856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1260655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1260655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    359835511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359835511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    359835511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359835511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96313.418211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96313.418211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 78790.937500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78790.937500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96238.435678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96238.435678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96238.435678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96238.435678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              573.898998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1026157284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1754115.015385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.723899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.175099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1215958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1215958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1215958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1215958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1215958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1215958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8876584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8876584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8876584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8876584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8876584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8876584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161392.436364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161392.436364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161392.436364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161392.436364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161392.436364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161392.436364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6954986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6954986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6954986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6954986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6954986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6954986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165594.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165594.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165594.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165594.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165594.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165594.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8141                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              404461796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             48167.416458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.074622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.925378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.433885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.566115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3181187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3181187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1740857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1740857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4922044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4922044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4922044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4922044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        28745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        28745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3288245096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3288245096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2332584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2332584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3290577680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3290577680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3290577680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3290577680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3209903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3209903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1740886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1740886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4950789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4950789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4950789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4950789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114509.162000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114509.162000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 80433.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80433.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114474.784484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114474.784484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114474.784484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114474.784484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    857674748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    857674748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       633612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       633612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    858308360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    858308360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    858308360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    858308360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105469.103296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105469.103296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70401.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70401.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105430.335340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105430.335340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105430.335340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105430.335340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.819391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              915063892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1639899.448029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.256395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.562996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.043680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1245345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1245345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1245345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1245345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1245345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6492122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6492122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6492122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6492122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6492122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6492122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1245383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1245383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1245383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170845.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170845.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170845.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170845.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170845.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170845.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5477277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5477277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5477277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5477277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5477277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5477277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 176686.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176686.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 176686.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176686.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 176686.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176686.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204293376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34060.249416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   183.603005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    72.396995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.717199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.282801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1850245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       339146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2189391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2189391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2173367116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2173367116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4858111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4858111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2178225227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2178225227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2178225227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2178225227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1870264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       339191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2209455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2209455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108565.218842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108565.218842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107958.022222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107958.022222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108563.857008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108563.857008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108563.857008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108563.857008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    582419740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    582419740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       769674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       769674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    583189414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    583189414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    583189414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    583189414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101590.744811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101590.744811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85519.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85519.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101565.554511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101565.554511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101565.554511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101565.554511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              507.033546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              995510568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1933030.229126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.033546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1247466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1247466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1247466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1247466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1247466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1247466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7481725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7481725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7481725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7481725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7481725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7481725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1247514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1247514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1247514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1247514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1247514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1247514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155869.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155869.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155869.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155869.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155869.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155869.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6337145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6337145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6337145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6337145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6337145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6337145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158428.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158428.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158428.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158428.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158428.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158428.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151805643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35493.486790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   222.918953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    33.081047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.870777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.129223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       858210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       721014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1579224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1579224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1579224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1579224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        12962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        12962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1531071237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1531071237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7121284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7121284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1538192521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1538192521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1538192521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1538192521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       871085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       721101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1592186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1592186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1592186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1592186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118918.154330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118918.154330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81853.839080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81853.839080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118669.381345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118669.381345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118669.381345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118669.381345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    400332831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400332831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1002216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1002216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    401335047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    401335047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    401335047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    401335047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99933.307788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99933.307788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66814.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66814.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99809.760507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99809.760507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99809.760507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99809.760507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              510.993523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              996791034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1924307.015444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.993523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.046464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1228588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1228588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1228588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1228588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1228588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6833938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6833938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6833938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6833938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6833938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6833938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1228632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1228632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1228632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155316.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155316.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155316.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155316.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155316.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155316.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5736212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5736212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5736212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5736212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5736212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5736212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159339.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159339.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159339.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159339.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159339.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159339.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5533                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              157692993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             27240.109345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   226.305562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    29.694438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.884006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.115994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       863515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       731206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1594721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1594721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1594721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1594721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2374794681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2374794681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     54023514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54023514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2428818195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2428818195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2428818195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2428818195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       882652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       731661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1614313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1614313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1614313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1614313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124094.407744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124094.407744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118732.997802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118732.997802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123969.895621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123969.895621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123969.895621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123969.895621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    552976003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552976003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1311741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1311741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    554287744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554287744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    554287744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554287744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100249.456672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100249.456672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77161.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77161.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100178.518706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100178.518706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100178.518706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100178.518706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              487.060475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              998618268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2029711.926829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    32.060475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.051379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1255748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1255748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8907483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8907483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8907483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8907483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8907483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8907483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 189520.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189520.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 189520.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189520.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 189520.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189520.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7046305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7046305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7046305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7046305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7046305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7046305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190440.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190440.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190440.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190440.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190440.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190440.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148109254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 3988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             37138.729689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   217.305187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    38.694813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.848848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.151152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1000265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       741960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1742225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1742225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    998905315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    998905315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6678759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6678759                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1005584074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1005584074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1005584074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1005584074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1009816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       742023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1751839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1751839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104586.463721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104586.463721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106012.047619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106012.047619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104595.805492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104595.805492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104595.805492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104595.805492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    357692802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357692802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1401093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1401093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    359093895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359093895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    359093895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359093895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96283.392194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96283.392194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82417.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82417.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96220.229100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96220.229100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96220.229100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96220.229100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              553.700109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              915063636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1636965.359571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.751843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.948266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.044474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1245089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1245089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1245089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1245089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1245089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6930575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6930575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6930575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6930575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6930575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6930575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1245131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1245131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1245131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165013.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165013.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165013.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165013.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165013.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165013.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5574274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5574274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5574274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5574274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5574274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5574274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174196.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174196.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174196.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174196.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174196.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174196.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              204293458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             34077.307423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.685218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.314782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.721427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.278573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1850744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       338718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2189462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2189462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2185049242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2185049242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4099376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4099376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2189148618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2189148618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2189148618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2189148618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1870840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       338763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2209603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2209603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108730.555434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108730.555434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91097.244444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91097.244444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108691.158234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108691.158234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108691.158234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108691.158234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    584407218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    584407218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       648208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       648208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    585055426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585055426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    585055426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585055426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101990.788482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101990.788482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72023.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72023.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101943.792647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101943.792647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101943.792647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101943.792647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.711735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998618157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2025594.638945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.711735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.050820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1255637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1255637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9249507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9249507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9249507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9249507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9249507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9249507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181362.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181362.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181362.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181362.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181362.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181362.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7060514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7060514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7060514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7060514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7060514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7060514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       185803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       185803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       185803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       185803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       185803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       185803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148108886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 3990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37120.021554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   217.035919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    38.964081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.847797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.152203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1000345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       741522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1741867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1741867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1008295779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1008295779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6065636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6065636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1014361415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1014361415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1014361415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1014361415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1009915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       741597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1751512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1751512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105360.060502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105360.060502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80875.146667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80875.146667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105169.664593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105169.664593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105169.664593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105169.664593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    360199558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360199558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1200074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1200074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    361399632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361399632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    361399632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361399632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96879.924153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96879.924153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75004.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75004.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96786.189609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96786.189609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96786.189609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96786.189609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
