
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 384735                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   511154                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37573                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67763240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30022.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11550726866                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346152319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        69120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               420096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           38784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       146560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            146560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17361214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     28935357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     61274874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21786622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               372415065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           34382012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         129925426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              129925426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         129925426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17361214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     28935357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     61274874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21786622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              502340491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         189160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122238                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1960096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1072298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            189160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       129088                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              237828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         53473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        73148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2307996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2070168     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          35056      1.52%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18730      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          34235      1.48%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11805      0.51%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          31678      1.37%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5223      0.23%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8998      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92103      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2307996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.069927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.396397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1933939                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        99984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          237214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        18957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1207947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1937200                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         62570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        27765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          234043                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         9838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1205395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1590818                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5473422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5473422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1267170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         323643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           21042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       209246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        36310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          322                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1197415                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1112952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228927                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482710                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2307996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1821216     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156992      6.80%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158231      6.86%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92687      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49784      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13156      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15280      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2307996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2027     57.67%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          830     23.61%     81.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878238     78.91%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9137      0.82%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189566     17.03%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35928      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1112952                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.411425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3515                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4538501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1426515                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1083137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1116467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49837                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1197580                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17426                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1096788                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             222182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         165854                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            35919                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.405450                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1083502                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1083137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          654678                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1457941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.400404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.449043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       853453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       966381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2271417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1909032     84.05%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144103      6.34%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91131      4.01%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28516      1.26%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46933      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9657      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6215      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5479      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30351      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2271417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       853453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       966381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               199985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              164755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           148101                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          845695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3438701                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2431876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 44363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                397117                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            853453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              966381                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       853453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.169610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.169610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.315496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.315496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5083661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1420545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1267203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         202082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76600                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20453                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1932617                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1154788                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            202082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        97053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              252316                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         62356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       179607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          120808                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2404871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2152555     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          26764      1.11%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          31110      1.29%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          17004      0.71%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          19294      0.80%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11126      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7610      0.32%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          19833      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         119575      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2404871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.074704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.426891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1916655                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       196144                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          250084                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2001                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        32691                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          350                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1409423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1934                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1920124                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         19509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       167787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          248553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1407529                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1958331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6552023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6552023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1636317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         321953                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       135275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        72189                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1702                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15862                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1403007                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315651                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1915                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       459320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2404871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1852089     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221285      9.20%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119712      4.98%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82776      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72531      3.02%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37024      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9181      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5900      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4373      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2404871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     46.13%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1305     43.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1101820     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20533      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121607      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71532      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315651                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.486357                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3024                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5041112                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599945                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3140                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26984                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2152                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          106                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         15222                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1403370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72189                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294007                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113586                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             185081                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         180104                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            71495                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.478356                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1291144                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1291052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          768507                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2015738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.477264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381253                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       960726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1178567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224752                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2364889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1883194     79.63%     79.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223495      9.45%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94082      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55611      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38728      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25289      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13394      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10414      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20682      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2364889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       960726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1178567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               178305                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              108277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           168659                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1062550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23975                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3747526                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2846683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31605                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                300242                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            960726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1178567                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       960726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.815697                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.815697                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5834294                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1795423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1312647                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         234920                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83581                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2033484                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1287786                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            234920                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       108303                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              267463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         65447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       171304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          128000                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2248696     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          16206      0.64%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20463      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          32788      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13361      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          17444      0.69%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          20217      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9533      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         137451      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2516159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086843                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2023360                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       184590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          266151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35455                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1573329                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2025875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       172086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          263752                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1563329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2184458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7264672                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7264672                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1790679                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         393771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22674                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       148003                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        75370                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17089                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1524220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1450233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438537                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1903205     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278556     11.07%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114183      4.54%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64742      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86146      3.42%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27501      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26906      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13800      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1120      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10215     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1425     11.00%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1316     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1222036     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19564      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133404      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75051      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1450233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536108                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5431625                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1732031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410067                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1463189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31607                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1524595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148003                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75370                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26322                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423361                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130619                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             205646                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         200676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.526174                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1410101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1410067                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          844346                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2270643                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1930641     78.03%     78.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275928     11.15%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99926      4.04%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49564      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45426      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19239      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19084      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9090      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25368      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1041620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1283449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               190341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              116396                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           186007                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1155546                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        25368                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3973483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3091099                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                188954                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1041620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1283449                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1041620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.597025                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.597025                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.385056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.385056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6401697                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1972870                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1452966                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         189724                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122564                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1964724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1074790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            189724                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       129242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              238439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         53637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        82107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          120171                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2322298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.774400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2083859     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          35356      1.52%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18739      0.81%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          34243      1.47%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11749      0.51%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          31608      1.36%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5158      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9087      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          92499      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2322298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.397318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1938413                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       109095                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          237842                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        36681                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        19138                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1211130                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        36681                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1941672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         68176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        31246                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          234658                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         9864                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1208587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         7984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1595117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5488122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5488122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1270740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         324365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       209665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        36425                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8274                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1200690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1115754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484330                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2322298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1834378     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157429      6.78%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158394      6.82%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92760      3.99%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50259      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13207      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15208      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          366      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2322298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2053     57.85%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          839     23.64%     81.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          657     18.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880900     78.95%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9179      0.82%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189573     16.99%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36019      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1115754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.412461                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4558446                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1430502                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1085874                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1119303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        36681                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         56215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1200855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36425                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        17469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1099390                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186322                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             222332                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         166394                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            36010                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.406412                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1086211                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1085874                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          656392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1461699                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.401415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.449061                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       855494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       968875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232034                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        16256                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2285617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1922265     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144548      6.32%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91308      3.99%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28641      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46989      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9669      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6289      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5511      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30397      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2285617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       855494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       968875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               200314                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              164966                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           148478                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          847914                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12569                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        30397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3456129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2438535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 44500                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                382815                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            855494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              968875                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       855494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.162048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.162048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.316251                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.316251                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5094852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1424333                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1269908                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         201257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21497                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76521                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20384                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1926551                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1149975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            201257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        96905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              251565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       180362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          120270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21252                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2398447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2146882     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          26762      1.12%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          31077      1.30%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17044      0.71%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          19345      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11022      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7476      0.31%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          19759      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         119080      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2398447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.074399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.425112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1910935                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       196555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          249359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1972                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32619                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1403845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1938                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1914353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         21101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       166752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          247945                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8670                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1401981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1951121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6527776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6527776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1633025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         318085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       134671                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        72084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15840                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398054                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194145                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2398447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1847112     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220876      9.21%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119302      4.97%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82533      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72253      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37005      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9180      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5857      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4329      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2398447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           318     10.65%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     46.20%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1288     43.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098574     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20475      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121228      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71391      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.484944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2985                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5026996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1592590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3212                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26643                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2221                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         16934                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1042                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134671                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          715                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24318                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290374                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             184612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            71343                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.477013                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1287654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1287579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          766409                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2010476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.475980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958703                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21461                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2358826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1878185     79.62%     79.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223005      9.45%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93838      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55468      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38686      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25251      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13370      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10396      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20627      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2358826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       958703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1176092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               177886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              108026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           168324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1060275                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3736611                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2836460                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                306666                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            958703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1176092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       958703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.821638                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.821638                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.354404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.354404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5818819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1790678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1307550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         192411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78243                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67032                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1209433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            192411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        77482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              238443                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         37114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       215412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          117714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11690                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2502429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.567622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.881081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2263986     90.47%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8298      0.33%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17549      0.70%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7051      0.28%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          39047      1.56%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          34881      1.39%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6739      0.27%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          14167      0.57%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         110711      4.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2502429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.071129                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.447091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2005066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       234224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          237505                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        24894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17100                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1417655                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        24894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2008090                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        207123                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        18311                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          235418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1416074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           39                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1670567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6664754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6664754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1448797                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         221754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22557                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       330882                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       166382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1411458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347381                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          966                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127524                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       308742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2502429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.538429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2020754     80.75%     80.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       145554      5.82%     86.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119026      4.76%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51387      2.05%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64853      2.59%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61282      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34937      1.40%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2918      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1718      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2502429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3440     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25823     85.94%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          783      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849078     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11785      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       320661     23.80%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165777     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347381                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.498087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5228203                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1539195                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334297                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        24894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        201203                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2381                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1411624                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330882                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        13487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336756                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       319486                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             485227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         174886                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           165741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.494159                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1334405                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1334297                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          721902                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1429162                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.493250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1075130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148275                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        11832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2477535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.509961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2018047     81.45%     81.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168719      6.81%     88.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78729      3.18%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77573      3.13%     94.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21291      0.86%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89101      3.60%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6913      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4892      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12270      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2477535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1075130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1263447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               480064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              315234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           166860                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1123525                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        12270                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3876987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2848363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 44982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                202684                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1075130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1263447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1075130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.516080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.516080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.397444                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.397444                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6601041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1554649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1680103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         200431                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164348                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21407                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75917                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20254                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1917345                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1145760                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            200431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        96171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              250239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       190571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21329                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2398220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2147981     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          26526      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          30831      1.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          16850      0.70%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          19140      0.80%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11022      0.46%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7607      0.32%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          19644      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         118619      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2398220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.074093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.423553                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1901309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       207181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1973                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        32396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1398045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1927                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1904752                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         21679                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       176668                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          246432                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1396136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1942249                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6498226                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6498226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1622082                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         320151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           26630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       134202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        71553                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1680                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15701                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1391218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1304333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195440                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2398220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1850147     77.15%     77.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       219483      9.15%     86.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118618      4.95%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82041      3.42%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71942      3.00%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36719      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9095      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5842      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4333      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2398220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.77%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1384     46.13%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1293     43.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092379     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20334      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120572      9.24%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70890      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1304333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.482173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3000                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5011789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1587056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1279902                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3110                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2160                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          173                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         17294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391580                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          684                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71553                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12494                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24265                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112630                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             183482                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         178510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            70852                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1279991                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1279902                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          761919                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1998298                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473142                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       952339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1168174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223407                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21369                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2358502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1881010     79.75%     79.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       221609      9.40%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93210      3.95%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55107      2.34%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38406      1.63%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25070      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13273      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10324      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20493      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2358502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       952339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1168174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               176684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              107291                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           167159                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1053156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23746                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3729590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2822891                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                306893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            952339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1168174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       952339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.840494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.840494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.352051                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.352051                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5783793                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1780004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1302195                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         147716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       120362                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        59742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          55718                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1428967                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts               873061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            147716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        70263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              178923                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         51158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       189444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines           89760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      1831737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1652814     90.23%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9411      0.51%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          14955      0.82%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          22298      1.22%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4           9346      0.51%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11130      0.61%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11454      0.63%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8296      0.45%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          92033      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      1831737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.054606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.322745                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1410248                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       208833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          177474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        34069                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        23945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1058058                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        34069                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1414105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         72199                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       124551                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          174788                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1055131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1015                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1441836                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      4917711                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      4917711                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1174695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         267126                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          129                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           34157                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       108147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        59137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3011                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        11546                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1051042                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          242                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued          976196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1860                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397441                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1831737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.532935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1414946     77.25%     77.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       169675      9.26%     86.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        93294      5.09%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61466      3.36%     94.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55584      3.03%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17277      0.94%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12407      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4332      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2756      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1831737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1005     41.79%     53.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1107     46.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       803202     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17887      1.83%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        97328      9.97%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        57671      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total       976196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.360871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3788394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1221722                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       957254                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses       978601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4512                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4437                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          767                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        34069                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         60178                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1447                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1051288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       108147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          789                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8481                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10099                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        18580                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts       961272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             149557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         130221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            57544                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.355354                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent               957379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count              957254                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          566669                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1437788                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.353868                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       704444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       859161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192845                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16365                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1797668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.477931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1449036     80.61%     80.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166047      9.24%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69025      3.84%     93.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35376      1.97%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26230      1.46%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15063      0.84%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9366      0.52%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7695      0.43%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19830      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1797668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       704444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       859161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               138199                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads               83502                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           119346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          776719                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        16754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        19830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            2829831                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2138115                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 26336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                873376                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            704444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              859161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       704444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.840068                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.840068                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.260412                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.260412                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        4363313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1307413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1002356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705094                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         210578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22413                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85378                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80695                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1028                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020806                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1179037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            210578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       101965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              244837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       111135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125309                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22260                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2171974     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11407      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17714      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          23771      0.98%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          25163      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          21199      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          11444      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17972      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         116167      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2416811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077845                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.435858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2000866                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       132119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          244226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39219                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34348                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1445303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39219                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2006740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         13812                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       105392                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          238745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1443916                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2015427                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6713518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6713518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1714390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         300946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           40618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       136160                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        28093                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358019                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1834858     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245229     10.15%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122876      5.08%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86911      3.60%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69415      2.87%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28481      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18337      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9414      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1290      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.83%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.78%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1229     50.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142651     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20222      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122992      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71986      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358019                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.502023                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2439                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5135596                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619738                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335511                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2688                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39219                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         10794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1173                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136160                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12314                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115645                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             187612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         189480                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71967                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.494518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1335605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1335511                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          767996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2069918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.493702                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371027                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211454                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2377592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1865780     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257178     10.82%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93938      3.95%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44830      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42047      1.77%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22201      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16623      0.70%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8587      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26408      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2377592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       999516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1229848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               182262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           177316                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1108078                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26408                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3792473                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2921913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                288283                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            999516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1229848                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       999516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.706404                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.706404                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.369494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.369494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6018434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1862023                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1338795                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         191983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172792                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11823                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66732                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          524                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1206121                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            191983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        77196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              237737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         37357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       211637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          117404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2492080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.568475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2254343     90.46%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8200      0.33%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17691      0.71%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7026      0.28%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          38711      1.55%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          34764      1.39%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6569      0.26%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          14262      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         110514      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2492080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.445867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1995942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       233522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          236788                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1413854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1999243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        206485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        17116                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          234458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         9681                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1412140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         4538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1667599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6645619                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6645619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1444368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         223225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       328945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       165404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407511                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       128206                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       311985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2492080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.538736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.328972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2009349     80.63%     80.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147295      5.91%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119818      4.81%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51631      2.07%     93.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64457      2.59%     96.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60520      2.43%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34452      1.38%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2855      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1703      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2492080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3369     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25381     85.98%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          770      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847311     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11775      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318591     23.73%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164816     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.496309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29520                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021988                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5207705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1535937                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329543                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1534                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        199630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       328945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1586                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7401                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        13541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             482244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         174296                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           164779                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492363                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1329657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1329543                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          719942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1427305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491493                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.504407                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258628                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        11874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2466989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007846     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169554      6.87%     88.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78828      3.20%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77371      3.14%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21299      0.86%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        87965      3.57%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6862      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5000      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12264      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2466989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1070890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1258628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               477169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              313304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           166283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1119283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12264                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3862496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2840655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44522                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                213033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1070890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1258628                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1070890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.526042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.526042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.395876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.395876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6574925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1550535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1673914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         189075                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117389                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1071800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            189075                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       129044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              237716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         53451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        72853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          119831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2306660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2068944     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          35049      1.52%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18716      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          34228      1.48%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11788      0.51%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          31674      1.37%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5218      0.23%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8994      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92049      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2306660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.069895                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.396213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1933065                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        99650                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          237102                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1207305                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1936322                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         62384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        27618                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          233941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1204753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         7927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1589939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5470363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5470363                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1266416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         323523                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           21023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       209172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        36272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8217                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1196774                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1112349                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482555                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2306660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820153     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156864      6.80%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158179      6.86%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92645      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49764      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13135      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15270      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2306660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2025     57.59%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     23.69%     81.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       877740     78.91%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9129      0.82%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189507     17.04%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35890      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1112349                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.411202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4535958                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1425793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1082542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1115865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44477                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49685                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          985                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1196939                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9928                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1096194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186203                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             222084                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         165775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            35881                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.405230                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1082907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1082542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          654323                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1456919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.400184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.449114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       853015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       965826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231173                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2270096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1907935     84.05%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144004      6.34%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91076      4.01%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28488      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46925      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9647      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6211      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5475      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30335      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2270096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       853015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       965826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               199887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              164695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           148025                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          845192                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        30335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3436760                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2430584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 44357                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                398453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            853015                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              965826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       853015                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.171237                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.171237                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315334                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315334                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5080930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1419741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1266618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         235135                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195904                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91308                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2035312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1288928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            235135                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       108415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              267708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         65485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       167543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          128105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2248358     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          16222      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20490      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32811      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13375      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17461      0.69%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          20236      0.80%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9540      0.38%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         137573      5.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2516066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.476478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2026772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       180819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          266395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1574720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2029284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       168325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          264003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1564702                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2186324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7271146                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7271146                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1792381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         393943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       148157                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1525593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1451593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902520     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278828     11.08%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114299      4.54%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64804      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86235      3.43%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27518      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26931      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13809      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1122      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10226     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1426     11.00%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1316     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1223161     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19572      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133549      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75133      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1451593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12968                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5434264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1733508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1411400                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1464561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1152                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1525968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148157                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1424706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130764                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             205873                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         200870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            75109                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.526672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1411434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1411400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          845148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2272923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1042626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1284705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1930013     78.01%     78.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276177     11.16%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100033      4.04%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49604      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45472      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19256      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19094      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9098      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25404      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1042626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1284705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               190556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              116529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           186194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1156664                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3974709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3093871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 33011                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                189047                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1042626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1284705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1042626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.594519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.594519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.385428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.385428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6407795                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1974672                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1454290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         210197                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172124                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85210                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1025                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1177054                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            210197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       101750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              244405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         62016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       114541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22211                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2415714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2171309     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11380      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17679      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23726      0.98%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25120      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          21158      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11417      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17939      0.74%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         115986      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2415714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.435122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1996881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       135501                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          243776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39162                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1442823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39162                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2002752                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         13800                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       108807                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          238304                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12885                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1441360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2011888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6701539                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6701539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1711096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         300788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           40668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       135912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        72205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          830                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        28009                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1438354                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355383                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433328                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2415714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1834908     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       244728     10.13%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122632      5.08%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86755      3.59%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69286      2.87%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28419      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18303      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9395      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1288      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2415714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.84%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.81%     49.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     50.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1140429     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20182      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122758      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71846      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355383                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.501045                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5129225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2680                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39162                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1173                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1438709                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12286                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13123                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335135                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             187253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         189113                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            71826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.493560                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1333025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1332931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          766529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2065831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.492745                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371051                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       997616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2376552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.349826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1865733     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256681     10.80%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93750      3.94%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44748      1.88%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41961      1.77%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22155      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16589      0.70%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8571      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26364      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2376552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       997616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1227487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               181914                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              111190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           176975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1105960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3788891                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2916607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32479                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                289399                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            997616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1227487                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       997616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.711577                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.711577                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.368789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.368789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6006815                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1858420                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1336510                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2703711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         190220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117835                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1969085                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1077927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            190220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       129610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              239074                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         53750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        72000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2317260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.526005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.778367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2078186     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          35159      1.52%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18895      0.82%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          34344      1.48%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11923      0.51%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          31747      1.37%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5254      0.23%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9058      0.39%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92694      4.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2317260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070355                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1942814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        98953                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          238459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1214844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1946088                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         59992                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        29262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          235275                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9888                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1212270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1600469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5505397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5505397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1274899                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         325452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       209899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        36632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8318                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1204219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1119350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       230034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484885                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2317260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827728     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       158135      6.82%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158800      6.85%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93117      4.02%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50162      2.16%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13239      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15426      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2317260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2048     57.69%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          840     23.66%     81.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883624     78.94%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9237      0.83%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       190160     16.99%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36246      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1119350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.414005                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3550                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4560603                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1434426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1089348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1122900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          955                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         45686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1204384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           67                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1103039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             223073                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         166783                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            36237                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.407972                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1089714                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1089348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          658280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1468074                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.402908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.448397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       857933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       971944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2280506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915795     84.01%     84.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       145188      6.37%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91658      4.02%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28716      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47149      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9742      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6277      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5524      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30457      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2280506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       857933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       971944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               200793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              165264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           148930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          850698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12645                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        30457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3454372                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2445543                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 44534                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                386451                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            857933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              971944                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       857933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.151424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.151424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.317317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.317317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5111721                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1429157                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1273558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         188903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122216                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117240                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          557                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957528                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1070494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            188903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       128826                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              237477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         53456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        82716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          119736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16045                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2314634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2077157     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          35269      1.52%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18618      0.80%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          34168      1.48%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          11659      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          31546      1.36%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5126      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9038      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          92053      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2314634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.069832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.395730                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1931268                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       109653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          236882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          262                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        36568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        18983                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1205812                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        36568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1934528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         71873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        28144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          233689                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9831                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1203243                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1587712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5463192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5463192                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1264458                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         323214                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           20937                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       209155                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        36154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          281                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8214                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1195391                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1110695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2314634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828938     79.02%     79.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156475      6.76%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       157952      6.82%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92379      3.99%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49987      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13145      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15096      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          366      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          296      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2314634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2045     57.88%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          835     23.63%     81.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          653     18.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       876643     78.93%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9115      0.82%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           82      0.01%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189107     17.03%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35748      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1110695                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.410591                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3533                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4540636                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1424449                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1080940                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1114228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44607                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        36568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         59901                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1195556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209155                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9856                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        17400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1094431                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             221614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         165647                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            35739                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.404579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1081279                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1080940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          653556                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1453625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.399591                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.449604                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       851823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       964312                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231275                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2278066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1916679     84.14%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143623      6.30%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90845      3.99%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28463      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46815      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9607      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6242      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5473      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30319      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2278066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       851823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       964312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               199621                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              164543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           147784                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          843818                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        30319                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3443334                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2427793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 44386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                390479                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            851823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              964312                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       851823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.175675                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.175675                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.314894                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.314894                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5072629                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1417556                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1265023                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173157899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.744600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    97.479584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1903.343212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.929367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163469006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      163469006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     163469006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668117.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705723.029126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668117.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705723.029126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668117.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705723.029126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          170                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.698549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         136000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.316501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.977706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.730835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    63.966564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1875.023444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.031234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.915539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          326                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   326                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12752650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    128536060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     141288710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12752650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    128536060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      141288710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12752650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    128536060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     141288710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.338742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.338742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 910903.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840104.967320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846040.179641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 910903.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840104.967320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846040.179641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 910903.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840104.967320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846040.179641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 98                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      98                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11523450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    115102660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126626110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11523450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    115102660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126626110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11523450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    115102660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126626110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 823103.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 752304.967320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758240.179641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 823103.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 752304.967320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758240.179641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 823103.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 752304.967320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758240.179641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.713366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.713366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.035996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    43.515830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1949.448174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.021248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.951879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90454671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70959110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161413781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90454671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70959110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      161413781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90454671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70959110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     161413781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3479025.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825105.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1441194.473214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3479025.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825105.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1441194.473214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3479025.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825105.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1441194.473214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88171871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63406771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151578642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88171871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63406771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151578642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88171871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63406771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151578642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3391225.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737288.034884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353380.732143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3391225.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737288.034884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353380.732143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3391225.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737288.034884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1353380.732143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.433273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.742518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    97.472579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1903.351630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.047594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.929371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12439490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    148621499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161060989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12439490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    148621499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      161060989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12439490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    148621499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     161060989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 829299.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 778123.031414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 781849.461165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 829299.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 778123.031414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 781849.461165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 829299.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 778123.031414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 781849.461165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11122490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131849744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142972234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11122490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131849744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142972234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11122490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131849744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142972234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 741499.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 690312.795812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694039.970874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 741499.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 690312.795812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694039.970874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 741499.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 690312.795812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694039.970874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.697313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         136007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.402709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.999634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.734670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    63.543474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1875.419535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.031027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.915732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            189                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 189                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   331                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     145574795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      145574795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     145574795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          189                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             189                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.331313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.331313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          269                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         114048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        49.222270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.326017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   116.335833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1912.338151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.056805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.933759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   471                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 269                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12324907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    241341216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     253666123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12324907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    241341216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      253666123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12324907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    241341216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     253666123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 880350.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946436.141176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942996.739777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 880350.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946436.141176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942996.739777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 880350.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946436.141176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942996.739777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11095707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    218946883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230042590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11095707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    218946883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230042590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11095707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    218946883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230042590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 792550.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858615.227451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855176.914498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 792550.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858615.227451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855176.914498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 792550.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858615.227451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855176.914498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.695538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         135995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.397291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.014618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.729014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    63.213730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1875.738175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.030866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.915888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   323                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14671117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    139359174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     154030291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14671117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    139359174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      154030291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14671117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    139359174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     154030291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.336756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1047936.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 929061.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939209.091463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1047936.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 929061.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939209.091463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1047936.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 929061.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939209.091463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13441917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    126186584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139628501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13441917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    126186584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139628501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13441917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    126186584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139628501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 960136.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841243.893333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851393.298780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 960136.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841243.893333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851393.298780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 960136.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841243.893333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851393.298780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          566                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2044.593178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          87167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        33.410119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         132.230696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.837186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   238.368000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1657.157296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.007733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.116391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.809159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.998337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   312                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 565                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46962294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    554425470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     601387764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43512139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43512139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46962294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    597937609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      644899903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46962294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    597937609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     644899903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.618519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.629187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.634548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.644242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.634548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.644242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1878491.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1106637.664671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1143322.745247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1115695.871795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1115695.871795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1878491.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1107291.868519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1141415.757522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1878491.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1107291.868519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1141415.757522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44767294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    510433736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555201030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     40087939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40087939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44767294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550521675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595288969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44767294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    550521675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595288969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.618519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.629187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.634548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.644242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.634548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.644242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1790691.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1018829.812375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1055515.266160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1027895.871795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1027895.871795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1790691.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1019484.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1053608.794690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1790691.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1019484.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1053608.794690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.636387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         119299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        54.474429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.636387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.869946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    58.995706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1937.134347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.028806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.945866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56292949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93419655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     149712604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56292949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93419655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      149712604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56292949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93419655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     149712604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.290404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2084924.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812344.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1054314.112676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2084924.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812344.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1054314.112676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2084924.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812344.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1054314.112676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53911099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83270643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137181742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53911099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83270643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137181742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53911099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83270643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137181742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.290404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.288221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1996707.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724092.547826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966068.605634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1996707.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724092.547826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966068.605634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1996707.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 724092.547826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966068.605634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.286195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   116.986877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1911.726928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.057122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.933460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     267820369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      267820369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     267820369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.738992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    97.281770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1903.546853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.047501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.929466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12972233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150088029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163060262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12972233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150088029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      163060262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12972233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150088029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     163060262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 864815.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785801.198953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791554.669903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 864815.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785801.198953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 791554.669903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 864815.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785801.198953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 791554.669903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11655149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133314164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144969313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11655149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133314164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144969313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11655149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133314164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144969313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 777009.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697979.916230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703734.529126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 777009.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697979.916230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703734.529126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 777009.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697979.916230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703734.529126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.710600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.710600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.055617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    43.623721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1949.320661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.021301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.951817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68503622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159305600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68503622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      159305600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68503622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     159305600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796553.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1422371.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796553.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1422371.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796553.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1422371.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60952822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60952822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60952822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708753.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334571.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708753.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708753.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.634091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         119297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        54.473516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.634091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.853927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    58.816973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1937.329100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.028719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.945961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   284                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55073600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96251663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     151325263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55073600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96251663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      151325263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55073600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96251663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     151325263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2039762.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836970.982609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1065670.866197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2039762.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836970.982609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1065670.866197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2039762.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836970.982609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1065670.866197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52702560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86154663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138857223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52702560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86154663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138857223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52702560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86154663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138857223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951946.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749170.982609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977867.767606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951946.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749170.982609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977867.767606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951946.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749170.982609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977867.767606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          207                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          52198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.147672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.739548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    97.650779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1903.177143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.047681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.929286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             61                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  61                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 209                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12952740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144905063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     157857803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12952740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144905063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      157857803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12952740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144905063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     157857803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           61                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              61                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.411417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.411417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.411417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       863516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 746933.314433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755300.492823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       863516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 746933.314433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 755300.492823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       863516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 746933.314433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 755300.492823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11635594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128044108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139679702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11635594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128044108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139679702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11635594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128044108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139679702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 775706.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660021.175258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668323.933014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 775706.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660021.175258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668323.933014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 775706.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660021.175258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668323.933014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.434233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.734584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    97.204032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1903.627151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.047463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.929505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     14446486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150338097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164784583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     14446486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150338097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      164784583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     14446486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150338097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     164784583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 963099.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 787110.455497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799925.160194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 963099.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 787110.455497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799925.160194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 963099.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 787110.455497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799925.160194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13129486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    133563102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146692588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13129486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    133563102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146692588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13129486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    133563102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146692588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 875299.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 699283.256545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712099.941748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 875299.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 699283.256545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712099.941748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 875299.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 699283.256545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712099.941748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              539.743432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              647136936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1196186.573013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.743432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151380870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             203195.798658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   130.240420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   125.759580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.508752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.491248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       169017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       204082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         204082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       204082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        204082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       170820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       205885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       205885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.729746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750704519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1513517.175403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.729746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         120789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        120789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15815586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15815586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15815586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15815586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15815586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15815586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       120808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       120808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 832399.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832399.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 832399.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832399.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 832399.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832399.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12869309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12869309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12869309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12869309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12869309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12869309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 919236.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919236.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 919236.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919236.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 919236.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919236.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              118285305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             161151.641689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   159.807957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    96.192043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.624250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.375750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        83304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        69618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         152922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        152922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    628185236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    628185236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     52532276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52532276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    680717512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    680717512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    680717512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    680717512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        84947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       154632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       154632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 382340.374924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 382340.374924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 784063.820896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784063.820896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 398080.416374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 398080.416374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 398080.416374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 398080.416374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1226718                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1226718                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150033639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150033639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150033639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150033639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    150033639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150033639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 313222.628392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313222.628392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 313222.628392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313222.628392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 313222.628392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313222.628392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              467.318628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753577298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1560201.445135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.318628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         127957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        127957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127182734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127182734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127182734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127182734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127182734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127182734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       127997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       127997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3179568.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3179568.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3179568.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3179568.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3179568.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3179568.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2844928                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 474154.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90815754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90815754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90815754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90815754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90815754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90815754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3243419.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3243419.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3243419.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3243419.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3243419.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3243419.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              109423813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             167570.923430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   142.451797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   113.548203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.556452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.443548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       100141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        73572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       173713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         173713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       173713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        173713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221646994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221646994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       565088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    222212082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222212082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    222212082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222212082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       101162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       174741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       174741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 217088.142997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217088.142997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 80726.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80726.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 216159.612840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216159.612840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 216159.612840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216159.612840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     91750012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91750012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     91878212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91878212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     91878212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91878212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 232278.511392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232278.511392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 231431.264484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231431.264484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 231431.264484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231431.264484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              539.741350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              647137225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1196187.107209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.741350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         120153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        120153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15332621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15332621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15332621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15332621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15332621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15332621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       120171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       120171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 851812.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851812.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 851812.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851812.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 851812.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851812.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12564644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12564644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12564644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12564644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12564644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12564644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 837642.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837642.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 837642.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837642.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 837642.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837642.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              151381046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             202923.654155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   130.228950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   125.771050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.508707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.491293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       169075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       204258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         204258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       204258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        204258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    821690461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    821690461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    821690461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    821690461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    821690461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    821690461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       170866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       206049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       206049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 458788.643774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458788.643774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 458788.643774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 458788.643774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 458788.643774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 458788.643774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169777152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169777152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169777152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169777152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    169777152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169777152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 346483.983673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346483.983673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 346483.983673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346483.983673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 346483.983673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346483.983673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.733581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750703981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1513516.090726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.733581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         120251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        120251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       120270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       120270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              118284910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             160495.128901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   159.621242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    96.378758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.623520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.376480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        83059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        69466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         152525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        152525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    642366051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    642366051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43714280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43714280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    686080331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    686080331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    686080331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    686080331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        84702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       154219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       154219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 390971.424833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 390971.424833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857142.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857142.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.324927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              769302409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1381153.337522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.324927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         117692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       117692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        117692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18722092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18722092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18722092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18722092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18722092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18722092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       117714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       117714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       117714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 851004.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851004.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 851004.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851004.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 851004.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851004.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12441107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12441107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12441107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12441107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12441107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12441107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 888650.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888650.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 888650.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888650.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 888650.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888650.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              289545720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             294853.075356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   100.949986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   155.050014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.394336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.605664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       301605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       164670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       466275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         466275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       466275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        466275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1055344544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1055344544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1055344544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1055344544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1055344544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1055344544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       304222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       164670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       468892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       468892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       468892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       468892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 403265.014903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403265.014903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 403265.014903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 403265.014903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 403265.014903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 403265.014903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275767435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275767435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275767435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275767435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275767435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    275767435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 379844.951791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 379844.951791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 379844.951791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 379844.951791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 379844.951791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 379844.951791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.727925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750703585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1513515.292339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.727925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17520203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17520203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17520203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17520203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17520203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17520203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 922115.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922115.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 922115.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922115.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 922115.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922115.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14787784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14787784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14787784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14787784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14787784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14787784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1056270.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056270.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1056270.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056270.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1056270.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056270.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              118283904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             162255.012346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   159.331555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    96.668445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.622389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.377611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       151521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         151521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       151521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        151521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    678466387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    678466387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     77114050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77114050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    755580437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    755580437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    755580437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    755580437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        84174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 418548.048735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418548.048735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 929084.939759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929084.939759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443415.749413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443415.749413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443415.749413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443415.749413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2010289                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 1005144.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    161690087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161690087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    161690087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161690087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    161690087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161690087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341839.507400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341839.507400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341839.507400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341839.507400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341839.507400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341839.507400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              506.563490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753860858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1460970.655039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.563490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.026544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        89721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         89721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        89721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total          89721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        89721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total         89721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68079578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68079578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68079578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68079578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68079578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68079578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        89760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        89760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total        89760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        89760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total        89760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1745630.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1745630.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1745630.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1745630.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1745630.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1745630.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1816769.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816769.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1816769.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816769.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1816769.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1816769.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  851                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125583497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             113444.893406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   176.256500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    79.743500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.688502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.311498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         67694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        54000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       121694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         121694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       121694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        121694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1369385698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1369385698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    422573032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    422573032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1791958730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1791958730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1791958730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1791958730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        69703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       124099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       124099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.028822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.007280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 681625.534097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 681625.534097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1067103.616162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1067103.616162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 745097.185031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 745097.185031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 745097.185031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 745097.185031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1554                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    579535244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    579535244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43964039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43964039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    623499283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    623499283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    623499283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    623499283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 715475.609877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715475.609877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1072293.634146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072293.634146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 732666.607521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732666.607521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 732666.607521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732666.607521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              497.497913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1491318.550696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.497913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63936089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63936089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63936089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63936089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63936089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63936089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1559416.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1559416.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1559416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1559416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1559416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1559416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       257316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       257316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56586025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56586025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56586025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56586025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56586025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56586025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020929.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2020929.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020929.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2020929.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020929.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2020929.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              113322619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             173011.632061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   143.468450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   112.531550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.560424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.439576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        84943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         155461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        155461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385153472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    385153472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1240826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1240826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    386394298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    386394298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    386394298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    386394298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        86207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.014662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 304710.025316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 304710.025316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77551.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77551.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 301870.545312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 301870.545312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 301870.545312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 301870.545312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112666377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112666377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112858677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112858677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112858677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112858677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 284511.053030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284511.053030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 282853.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282853.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 282853.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282853.827068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.285106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              769302100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1381152.782765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.285106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         117383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        117383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       117404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       117404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              289542798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             293653.953347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   100.903099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   155.096901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.394153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.605847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       299648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       463353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         463353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       463353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        463353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       302268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       163705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       465973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       465973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       465973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       465973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              539.737824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              647136885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1196186.478743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.737824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         119813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        119813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14863802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14863802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14863802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14863802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14863802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14863802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       119831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       119831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 825766.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825766.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 825766.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825766.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 825766.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825766.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13097224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13097224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13097224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13097224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13097224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13097224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 873148.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873148.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 873148.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873148.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 873148.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873148.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151380786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             203195.685906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   130.125187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   125.874813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.508302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.491698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       168971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       203998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         203998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       203998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        203998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828255649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828255649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828255649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828255649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828255649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    828255649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       170772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459886.534703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459886.534703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459886.534703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459886.534703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459886.534703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459886.534703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171172680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171172680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171172680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171172680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171172680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171172680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 350046.380368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350046.380368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 350046.380368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350046.380368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 350046.380368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350046.380368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              467.341015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753577405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1560201.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.341015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         128064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        128064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3485018                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 580836.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109424004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             167571.215926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   142.677304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   113.322696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.557333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.442667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        73653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         173904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        173904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    214613942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214613942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       565067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215179009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215179009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215179009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215179009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       101272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 210199.747307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210199.747307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 80723.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80723.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209318.102140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209318.102140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209318.102140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209318.102140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89295670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89295670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89423870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89423870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89423870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89423870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226064.987342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226064.987342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225249.042821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225249.042821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225249.042821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225249.042821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              497.480632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750132986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1491318.063618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.480632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.036027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59780719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59780719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59780719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59780719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59780719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59780719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1573176.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1573176.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1573176.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1573176.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1573176.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1573176.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       271423                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       271423                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55370064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55370064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55370064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55370064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55370064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55370064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1977502.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977502.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1977502.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977502.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1977502.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977502.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              113322329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             173275.732416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   143.229499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   112.770501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.559490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.440510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        84789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        70382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         155171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        155171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    398994871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398994871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1243786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1243786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    400238657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    400238657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    400238657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    400238657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        86051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        70398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       156449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       156449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 316160.753566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 316160.753566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77736.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77736.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 313175.787950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 313175.787950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 313175.787950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 313175.787950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    115434603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115434603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    115626903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115626903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    115626903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115626903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 292239.501266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292239.501266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 290519.856784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290519.856784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 290519.856784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290519.856784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              539.738380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              647137506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1196187.626617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.738380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14975495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14975495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14975495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14975495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14975495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14975495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 831971.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831971.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 831971.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831971.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 831971.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831971.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13077793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13077793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13077793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13077793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13077793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13077793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 871852.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871852.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 871852.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871852.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 871852.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871852.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151381591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             202652.732262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   130.190022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   125.809978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.508555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.491445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       204803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         204803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       204803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        204803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791154734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    791154734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791154734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    791154734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791154734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    791154734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       171256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       206620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       206620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435418.125482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435418.125482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435418.125482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435418.125482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435418.125482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435418.125482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166063378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166063378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166063378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166063378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166063378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166063378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336842.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336842.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336842.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336842.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336842.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336842.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              539.733417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              647136790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1196186.303142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.733417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         119718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        119718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15846244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15846244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15846244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15846244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15846244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15846244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       119736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       119736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 880346.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880346.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 880346.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880346.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 880346.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880346.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     14571428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14571428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     14571428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14571428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     14571428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14571428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 971428.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971428.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 971428.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971428.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 971428.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971428.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              151380436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             202922.836461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   130.057035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   125.942965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.508035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.491965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       168734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        34914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       203648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         203648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       203648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        203648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    832796180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    832796180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    832796180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    832796180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    832796180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    832796180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       170524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        34914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       205438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       205438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 465249.262570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 465249.262570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 465249.262570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465249.262570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 465249.262570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465249.262570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    171490739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171490739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    171490739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171490739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    171490739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171490739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 349981.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349981.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 349981.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349981.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 349981.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349981.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
