
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106038390819                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632225375583                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 214484                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   267695                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1288535                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67742500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 82293.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17650734475                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22029605177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4176000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3571200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1466880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4182144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1468288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1464064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1053824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1054336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4179456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3563264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1464320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4177536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2245248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4180736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3563648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42945920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           81664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10355968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10355968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        32625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        27900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         8237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        32652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        27838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        32662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        27841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                335515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           80906                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                80906                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39381963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     33678368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13833480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39439904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        50699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13846759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13806924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9938136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9942965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39414555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33603528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13809338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39396448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21173916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39426626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33607149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               405003506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        50699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             770136                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          97662440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               97662440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          97662440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39381963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     33678368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        53113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13833480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39439904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        50699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13846759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        53113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13806924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9938136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9942965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39414555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33603528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13809338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39396448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21173916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39426626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33607149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              502665946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191893973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17501825                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238182160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212954674     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547630      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952721      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308168      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685593      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950111      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894211      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794746      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238182160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190768594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18740993                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147911897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962894                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17581720                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205287437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683604694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683604694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143514360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137728963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127494                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35242840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238182160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179820722     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614821     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889848      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097130      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265966      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540963      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500319      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346665      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105726      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238182160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938851     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129352     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122801     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116029801     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620453      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178328      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137728963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514958583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160884429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138919967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143550111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134142813                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80386934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215922001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20327373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234628596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182475772     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431898     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592265      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782050      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375917      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835531      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817988      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865924      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451251      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234628596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451251                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375727321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290654958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16106548                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608911843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17154836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15480927                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       898548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6424573                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6130857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         946687                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39674                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    181992202                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            107807203                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17154836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7077544                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21321970                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       2834112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     25528371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10440419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       902188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    230755765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      209433795     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         760172      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1551154      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         663260      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3543992      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3161437      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         610296      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1278175      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9753484      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    230755765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.423956                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      180114963                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     27417033                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21243128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        67895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      1912741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1504593                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          482                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    126412005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2722                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      1912741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      180354438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      25491944                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1104777                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21099248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       792612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    126344522                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       408363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       261601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4466                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    148329443                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    595032623                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    595032623                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    131509991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       16819446                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        14648                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7392                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1837698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     29807266                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     15072218                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       137961                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       732672                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        126099535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       121174610                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9793372                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23565599                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230755765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187245507     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13285982      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10746370      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4639351      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5803707      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5503875      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3127503      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249146      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154324      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230755765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305287     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2330762     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68125      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76016712     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1057954      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7254      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29055625     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15037065     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    121174610                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476524                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2704174                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475877949                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135910714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120142640                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    123878784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1160013                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          480                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3124                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93598                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10679                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      1912741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      24875031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       236522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126114304                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29807266                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15072218                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7392                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146780                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3124                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       522844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531554                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1054398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120331640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28962541                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       842970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           43998216                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       15767807                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         15035675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473209                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            120145831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           120142640                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        64906518                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       128155788                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506466                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97613797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    114711988                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11415975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       918161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228843024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187086976     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15365688      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7155945      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7041754      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1946436      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8057596      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       612906      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447796      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1127927      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228843024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     97613797                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    114711988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             43625865                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            28647250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7298                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15148221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       102006499                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1111050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1127927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          353842774                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         254168862                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3908282                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              23532943                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          97613797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           114711988                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     97613797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.605049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.605049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.383870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.383870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      594878884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     139516930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150511136                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17915304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14650160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1749702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7594160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7088270                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1844403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77690                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173983661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            101584049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17915304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8932673                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            21302342                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5068946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8056302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10697160                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1760793                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    206622709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      185320367     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1157373      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1827386      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2896502      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1212909      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1361953      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1430351      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         936423      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10479445      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    206622709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.399483                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      172344735                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9708331                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        21236365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        53335                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3279941                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      2937902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          439                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    124057465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2836                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3279941                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      172599762                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1987461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      6947655                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21039293                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       768595                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    123974922                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents        41173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       212573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       276165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        66575                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    172090645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    576709944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    576709944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    147072407                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25018238                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        32200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2235360                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     11826832                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6357750                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191712                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1441057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        123801932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32292                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       117275304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148527                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15525273                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34445489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3613                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206622709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    157129406     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19889493      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10871534      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7394896      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6908783      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1997546      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1542385      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528445      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       360221      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206622709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27356     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82431     38.22%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105862     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98239055     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1851163      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14220      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10847243      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6323623      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    117275304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.461190                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215649                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441537493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139360788                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115398962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    117490953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355787                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2119860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          298                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186985                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7301                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           66                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3279941                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1234972                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107353                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123834363                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11826832                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6357750                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17965                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79512                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1315                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1023419                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       997059                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2020478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115613083                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10202054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1662221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           16524102                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16277561                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6322048                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.454653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            115399775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           115398962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67474578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       176232092                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.453811                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382873                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86389707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    105891831                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17942940                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28679                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1787220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203342768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160357436     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20814468     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8105056      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4368434      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3270219      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1826311      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1125009      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1007216      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2468619      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203342768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     86389707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    105891831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             15877737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             9706972                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             14308                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15200346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        95416435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2151179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2468619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          324708348                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         250949672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2818489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              47665999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          86389707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           105891831                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     86389707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.943507                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.943507                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.339731                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.339731                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      521379921                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     159953242                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     115722983                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        28654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19669209                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16093370                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8055497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7733235                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87453                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189407436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110037333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19669209                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9765602                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            22957716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5245142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10221581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11586387                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1920939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    225888129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      202930413     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1065535      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1695926      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2303233      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2366876      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2005087      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1121268      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1670643      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10729148      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    225888129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      187455987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12190373                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        22915189                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3300320                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3238125                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          366                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    135010810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1942                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3300320                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      187967049                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1705056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      9291861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22436198                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1187642                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    134965043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       176634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       509408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    188336848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    627878341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    627878341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    163301748                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25035078                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        33480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17428                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3523522                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12622560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6848151                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1631779                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        134813289                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33599                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       128031985                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14890181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35658484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1221                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225888129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171715425     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22279120      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11273561      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8516424      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6692487      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2703815      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1702310      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       886308      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118679      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225888129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24377     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77950     36.69%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110152     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107679666     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1913528      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16051      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11596139      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6826601      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    128031985                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212479                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482182088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149737590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126117083                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    128244464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       261767                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2013674                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          523                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99032                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3300320                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1415398                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134847024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12622560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6848151                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17429                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          523                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1117540                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078907                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2196447                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126269340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10912643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           17738977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17941803                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6826334                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496559                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            126117294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           126117083                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        72392512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       195068782                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95194166                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117135566                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17711465                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32378                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1943739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222587809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174529411     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23821162     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8998256      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4292430      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3615421      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2075116      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1812372      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820022      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2623619      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222587809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     95194166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117135566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17358005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10608886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16891080                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       105537802                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2412080                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2623619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          354810558                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         272994455                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2868669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              28400579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          95194166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117135566                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     95194166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.671264                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.671264                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374355                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374355                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      568304939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     175673658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     125172369                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        32350                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17201767                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15523131                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6390663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6152168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         944895                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39794                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182370578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            108085737                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17201767                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7097063                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21386925                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2846247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     25272427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10461765                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903032                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    230954514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      209567589     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         762236      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1564906      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         671524      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3550098      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3158922      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         609140      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1277279      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9792820      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    230954514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.425051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      180487096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     27167278                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21307542                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        68487                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      1924106                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1508876                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    126780915                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      1924106                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      180727663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      25250002                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1098029                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21164301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       790408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    126707411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       405383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       261181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6186                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    148722558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    596700837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    596700837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    131831029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       16891512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        14687                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1836401                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     29896822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15121095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       730092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126455134                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14730                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       121511014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79467                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9871264                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23771764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230954514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187324229     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13318431      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10772828      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4658889      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5827134      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5515413      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3132759      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250543      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154288      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230954514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305133     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2336159     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68198      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76218714     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061546      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7272      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29150105     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15073377     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    121511014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477847                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2709490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476765499                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136344241                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120461593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    124220504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218703                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1180936                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3119                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106548                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10706                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      1924106                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      24637694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       236568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126469950                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29896822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15121095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146886                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          107                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3119                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       532413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1056131                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120664580                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29045674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           44117618                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       15807495                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15071944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            120464791                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           120461593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        65071796                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       128443351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506619                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97850689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    114990610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11493153                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       918946                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229030408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187171022     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15406708      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7172442      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7056911      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1953571      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8074831      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       615288      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448962      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130673      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229030408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     97850689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    114990610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             43730422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            28715878                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15185057                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102254352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1113808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1130673                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          354383212                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         254891821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3914101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              23334194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          97850689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           114990610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     97850689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.598742                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.598742                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      596468593                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     139876693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     150892292                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        14632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19687555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16109146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8078037                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7740550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034074                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87702                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189504607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110134524                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19687555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9774624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22982499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5251228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     10143190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11593310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    225938156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      202955657     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1071600      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1700693      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2304432      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2367865      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2006212      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1122535      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1667687      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10741475      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    225938156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077422                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      187555196                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     12111615                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22939616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        26448                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3305280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3240469                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    135123923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3305280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      188069806                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1667038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      9251750                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22457322                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1186957                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    135074136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       176129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       509330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    188496050                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    628391047                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    628391047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    163401602                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25094444                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        33484                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3523881                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12632841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6852881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80479                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        134910734                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128109420                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17548                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14924815                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35751953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225938156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171702733     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22326908      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11293181      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8512540      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6689114      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2704780      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1702962      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       887102      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118836      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225938156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24522     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77967     36.68%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110093     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107742549     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1914581      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16061      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11604803      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6831426      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128109420                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.503795                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212582                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482387126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149869687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126192465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    128322002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       262898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2017469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3305280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1377179                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116905                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134944473                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12632841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6852881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17423                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98643                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1117178                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080327                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2197505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126345730                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10920553                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           17751717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17953089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6831164                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.496859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            126192669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           126192465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        72435545                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       195183228                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.496257                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95252426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    117207251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17737247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1944852                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222632876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174521540     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23858189     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9002632      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4294728      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3632230      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2076096      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1804556      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820362      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2622543      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222632876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     95252426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    117207251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17368643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10615372                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16901412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       105602401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2413560                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2622543                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          354954168                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         273194339                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2870106                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              28350552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          95252426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           117207251                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     95252426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.669630                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.669630                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.374584                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.374584                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      568652190                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     175784940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     125279794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19649419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16076962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1917905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8052509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7724259                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87422                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189192147                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109920014                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19649419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9754471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22933419                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5243292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     10292042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11573550                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1919367                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    225718737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      202785318     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1066022      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1694493      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2299370      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2364411      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2002084      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1119873      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1667554      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10719612      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    225718737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077272                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      187241682                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     12259832                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22891214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        25952                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3300056                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3235160                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          364                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    134865969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1919                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3300056                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      187754341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1678340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      9389702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22410375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1185920                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    134818162                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       175651                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       508991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    188132257                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    627197298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    627197298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    163089939                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25042318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        33440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3521703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12609746                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6839186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1627721                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        134659789                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       127877403                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14891777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35664578                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1222                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225718737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171613410     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22250274      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11260949      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8505058      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6683742      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2700027      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700796      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885670      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118811      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225718737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24231     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77812     36.65%     48.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110261     51.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107550737     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910482      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16030      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11582542      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6817612      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    127877403                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.502883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481703339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149585654                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125960265                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    128089707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       260288                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2014632                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          530                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98846                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3300056                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1388783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134693484                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        23390                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12609746                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6839186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17410                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          530                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1114678                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079378                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2194056                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126112205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10898050                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1765198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           17715398                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17919822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6817348                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.495941                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            125960486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           125960265                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        72301463                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       194831589                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.495344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371097                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95070672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116983540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17709958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1942151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222418681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174422982     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23789976     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8986561      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4286245      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3611214      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072288      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1810755      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818399      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620261      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222418681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95070672                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116983540                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17335454                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10595114                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16869145                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105400825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2408941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2620261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          354491255                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         272687110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2865776                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              28569971                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95070672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116983540                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95070672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.674733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.674733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      567596804                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     175459221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     125034979                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32310                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22068703                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18373713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002828                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8471439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8084131                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191964046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            121039514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22068703                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10459202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25236702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5576414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     17398314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11918718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914284                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    238159286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      212922584     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1548173      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1953426      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3095418      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1308678      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1686209      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1950834      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         894539      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12799425      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    238159286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      190838258                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     18637974                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25116373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        11808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3359937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    147966073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      191032627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        618230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     17478219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24933805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       541530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    147050467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        77536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       377923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    205362550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    683855277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    683855277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171949443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       33413072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18570                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1905532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13773456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7202798                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143567056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       137779392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127532                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17340073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35256183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238159286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179776494     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26624565     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10893826      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6099284      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8269068      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541914      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501226      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347147      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105762      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238159286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939199     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129397     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122844     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116072314     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884022      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17053      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12625048      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180955      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    137779392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515037040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160943547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134191517                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    138970832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2597419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100872                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        469945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59510                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143602819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13773456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7202798                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18571                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2310319                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135376886                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12420454                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19600735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19148153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7180281                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532375                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            134191965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           134191517                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        80416363                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       216001137                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100036614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123268444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20334944                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2019977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234604415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182432446     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26441626     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9595779      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783797      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4377523      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836204      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818660      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866243      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452137      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234604415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100036614                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123268444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18277960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11176034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17867480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110981730                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2545468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2452137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          375754964                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290761695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2909255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16129422                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100036614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123268444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100036614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.541956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.541956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      609134853                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     187511112                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     136842472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34374                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22071881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18374717                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002112                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8476814                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8084932                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2376382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191991869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            121062213                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22071881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10461314                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25242818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5575435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     17377320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11920051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    238171955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      212929137     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1550056      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1952855      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3095182      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1308491      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1687604      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1950905      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         894332      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12803393      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    238171955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086799                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476082                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      190865961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     18617458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25122045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        11889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3554600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3362045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    148000850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2598                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3554600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      191060140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        618563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     17457337                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24939498                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       541813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    147084839                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        77719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       377838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    205404624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    684017756                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    684017756                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171985315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       33419309                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35635                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18577                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1904779                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13781773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7206095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636529                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143602163                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35765                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       137817476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17346263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35266661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238171955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179775769     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26627620     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10898410      4.58%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6100727      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8271195      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2543228      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501199      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347715      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106092      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238171955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938519     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130071     10.92%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122895     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116100054     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884499      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17056      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12631600      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7184267      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    137817476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191485                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008645                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515126665                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160984850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134226311                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    139008961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102348                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2603384                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           27                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          662                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3554600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        469779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59835                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143637935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13781773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7206095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52351                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          662                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182067                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1128425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2310492                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135413756                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12425595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2403720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19609047                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19153435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7183452                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532520                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            134226939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           134226311                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        80437400                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       216053266                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100057455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    123294192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20344325                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34411                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2019272                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234617355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182435187     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26447281     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596841      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4785123      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4378094      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836084      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819245      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866406      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2453094      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234617355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100057455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    123294192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18281802                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11178389                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17871217                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       111004934                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2546014                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2453094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          375802076                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         290831649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2909210                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              16116753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100057455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           123294192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100057455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      609295490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     187558112                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     136871049                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        34382                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17136890                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15464911                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6340682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6120444                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         944543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39486                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    181753872                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            107695769                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17136890                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      7064987                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21299656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       2841105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     25697549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10428172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       902549                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    230670889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      209371233     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         759373      0.33%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1547570      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         665556      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        3537438      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3157533      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         608028      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1278002      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9746156      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    230670889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      179823044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     27640074                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21220312                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        68165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      1919289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1502948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    126290451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2736                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      1919289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      180066074                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      25692656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1110088                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21074448                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       808329                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    126222313                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       416328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       264902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8836                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    148201798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    594450917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    594450917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    131307577                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       16894221                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        14631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7384                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1863459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     29774213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     15049730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       137424                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       730153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        125969694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14674                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       121008795                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69542                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9845780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23753547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230670889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.314974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187200897     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13279754      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10742417      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4639286      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5794943      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5491264      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3119862      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       248643      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       153823      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230670889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        304274     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2325951     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67880      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     75916836     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1057198      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7244      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29013892     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15013625     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    121008795                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.475872                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2698105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022297                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475456126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135833241                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119973223                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    123706900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       216771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1171589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          451                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3097                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94380                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10662                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      1919289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      25072636                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       241394                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    125984444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29774213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15049730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7386                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148525                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          108                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3097                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       522433                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       532928                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1055361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120163402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28919730                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       845393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           43931892                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       15745670                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         15012162                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472547                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            119976428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           119973223                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        64822105                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       128025955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471799                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506320                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97463010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    114534956                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11463771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       918610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228751600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187051603     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15351548      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7147812      3.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7028649      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1946278      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8038410      3.51%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613418      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       446889      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126993      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228751600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     97463010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    114534956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             43557974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            28602624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7288                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15124829                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       101849156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1109366                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1126993                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          353623048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         253916935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3901426                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              23617819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          97463010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           114534956                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     97463010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.609079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.609079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      594027107                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     139327786                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     150333914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        14576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17905614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14642063                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1751045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7588940                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7083048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1843883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77991                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173900072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            101542979                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17905614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8926931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21294330                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5074725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      8019754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10693861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1762168                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    206499085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      185204755     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1157325      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1827620      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2894609      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1209301      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1361872      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1432862      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         935912      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10474829      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    206499085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.399322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      172261690                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9671087                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21228309                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        53529                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3284468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2936493                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    124013449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3284468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      172516015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1952556                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6949394                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21032064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       764586                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    123931734                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        35382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       213172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       275706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        62978                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    172033728                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    576509105                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    576509105                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    146980804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25052919                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        32126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17912                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2232553                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     11826935                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6353938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1440048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        123758012                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32214                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       117213831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       149085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15550842                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34531510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3553                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206499085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    157033049     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19879502      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10862800      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7390787      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6906673      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1997366      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1539243      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529932      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359733      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206499085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27200     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82775     38.35%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105841     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98187731     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1850213      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14211      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10842171      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6319505      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    117213831                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.460948                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215816                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441291648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139342368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115338003                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    117429647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357409                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2126007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          354                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1329                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187021                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3284468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1206652                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106899                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123790360                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11826935                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6353938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17899                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1329                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1023585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       997317                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2020902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115553001                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10197467                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1660830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16515395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16267586                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6317928                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.454417                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            115338834                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           115338003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        67438471                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       176144994                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.453571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86335965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    105825879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17965055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28661                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1788508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203214617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160256752     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20801049     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8099844      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4365902      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3268630      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1823778      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1124811      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005648      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2468203      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203214617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     86335965                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    105825879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             15867842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             9700925                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15190873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        95356997                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2149830                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2468203                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          324536776                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         250866525                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2817934                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              47789623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          86335965                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           105825879                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     86335965                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.945339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.945339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339519                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339519                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      521109505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     159870655                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     115673694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        28634                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19646549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16073978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1917689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8031457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7720706                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87393                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189197862                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109919277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19646549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9751042                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22931091                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5242146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     10347214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11573907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1919112                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    225775648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      202844557     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1064402      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1692551      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2300603      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2363139      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2002451      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1120549      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1670067      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10717329      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    225775648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077261                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432262                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      187246357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     12315476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22888640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        26062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3299112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3235229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    134863126                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1970                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3299112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      187756562                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1692681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      9431486                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22410326                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1185478                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    134817761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       175809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       508823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    188134001                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    627192542                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    627192542                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    163110050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25023944                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        33462                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17425                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3521581                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12607533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6841116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1628752                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        134665211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       127886742                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17557                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14881596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35644717                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1239                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225775648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171666578     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22251562      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11263108      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8503972      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6684261      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2700210      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1701607      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885488      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118862      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225775648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24426     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77843     36.68%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109980     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107557241     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910942      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16032      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11583357      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6819170      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    127886742                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502919                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212249                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481778938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149580924                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125971562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    128098991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       260680                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2011115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99946                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3299112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1403268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116697                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134698931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6875                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12607533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6841116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17430                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98593                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078759                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2193964                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126123640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10899922                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           17718821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17920784                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6818899                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495986                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            125971781                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           125971562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        72304378                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       194836952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.495388                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95082380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    116997947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17701001                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1941934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222476536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174474494     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23794047     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8987527      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4286765      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3611074      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072469      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1810445      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818480      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2621235      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222476536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     95082380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    116997947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17337585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10596415                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16134                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16871220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       105413808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2409237                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2621235                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          354553586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         272697075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2865777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              28513060                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          95082380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           116997947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     95082380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.674404                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.674404                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.373915                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.373915                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      567648236                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     175470847                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     125037231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        32314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17159190                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15485670                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       897959                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6400958                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6137156                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         944096                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39641                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    181990417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            107823832                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17159190                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7081252                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21333146                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       2837125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     25617258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10439628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       901682                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    230857651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      209524505     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         759896      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1559843      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         666789      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3542624      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3156095      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         608505      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1275789      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9763605      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    230857651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.424021                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      180088388                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     27530730                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21253803                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        68404                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      1916321                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1504114                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    126461271                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2705                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      1916321                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      180330449                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      25582294                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1125713                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21109401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       793468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126390731                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       406472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       262441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5914                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    148368961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    595232473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    595232473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    131535893                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       16832973                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        14660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7402                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1846537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     29825766                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     15080017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       137967                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       731062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126142160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14703                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       121214709                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74966                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9817427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23653552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230857651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187334581     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13282700      5.75%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10751926      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4645437      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5811345      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5500829      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3127629      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249085      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154119      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230857651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305203     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2330518     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68163      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76036843     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1058762      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7256      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29074586     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15037262     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    121214709                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.476681                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2703884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476065919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135977391                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120174913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    123918593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217748                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          466                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10680                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      1916321                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      24969215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       237906                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126156944                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29825766                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15080017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7403                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146468                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3105                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523259                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1054274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120372005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28974497                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       842704                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           44010269                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15770698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         15035772                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.473367                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            120178033                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           120174913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        64922058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       128173226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472592                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97630837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    114732415                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11438327                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       917595                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228941330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187178990     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15368863      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7158205      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7038198      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1950211      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8055353      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       614504      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448133      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1128873      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228941330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     97630837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    114732415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             43631249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            28650717                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15151036                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       102024783                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1111356                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1128873                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          353982913                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         254258056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3906379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              23431057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          97630837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           114732415                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     97630837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.604594                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.604594                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383937                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383937                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      595045597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     139552715                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     150531343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18669035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15313316                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1830549                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7839913                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7301190                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1917698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82618                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178368291                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            106056847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18669035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9218888                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23339240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5187552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     16751170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10987443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1819570                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    221783584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      198444344     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2530884      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2935592      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1611141      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1846999      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1025467      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         697414      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1801186      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10890557      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    221783584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      176914549                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     18232528                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23144451                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       184279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3307775                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3026274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        17110                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    129456999                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        84849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3307775                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      177197403                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6390542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     11048978                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23053459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       785425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    129376210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       202340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       362131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    179814558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    602320348                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    602320348                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    153713062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26101491                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2102473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12359555                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6727399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176619                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1487908                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        129169209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       122152062                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172158                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16001615                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36886429                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4057                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221783584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170292336     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20725798      9.35%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11132710      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7695339      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6724300      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3438671      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       836930      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537308      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400192      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221783584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32631     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110987     42.38%     54.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118289     45.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102249033     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1907512      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14970      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11301710      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6678837      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    122152062                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            261907                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466521773                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145206221                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120119125                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    122413969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307434                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2174218                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          732                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7486                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3847                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3307775                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       5948037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129203577                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12359555                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6727399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96689                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1147                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1065675                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2088723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120346962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10615141                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1805100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           17292515                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16845290                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6677374                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            120121223                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           120119125                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        71396350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       186932986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381936                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90264803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    110744026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18460998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30194                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1841007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218475809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173225677     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20986060      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8794684      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5285741      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3656342      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2366026      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224573      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       985209      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1951497      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218475809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     90264803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    110744026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16775443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10185335                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15064                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15849384                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        99840205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2253113                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1951497                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          345728725                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         261717896                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2732628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              32505124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          90264803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           110744026                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     90264803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.817141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.817141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.354970                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.354970                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      542890452                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     166721807                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     120836880                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30166                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17192809                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15515039                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       901282                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6431692                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6144044                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         946925                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39759                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182328497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            108035397                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17192809                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      7090969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21371559                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       2847836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     25306842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           52                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10460977                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       904988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    230931102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      209559543     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         762311      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1556226      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         670292      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        3549737      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3163177      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         609910      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1278979      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9780927      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    230931102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.424853                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      180443496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     27203286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21292277                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        68365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      1923673                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1508153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          477                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    126700179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2734                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      1923673                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      180684501                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles      25295709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1091461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21148788                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       786965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126629973                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       400946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       261468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5912                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    148657441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    596350803                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    596350803                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    131753465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       16903885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        14684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1836387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     29874076                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     15105254                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138254                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       733046                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126378238                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14727                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       121425997                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74393                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9857885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23750553                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230931102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187332997     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13306208      5.76%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10766367      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4657398      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5820337      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5512110      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3131437      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249643      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154605      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230931102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305431     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2334483     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68255      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76174394     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1060672      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7268      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29119829     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15063834     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    121425997                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.477512                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2708169                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476565654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136253971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120383563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    124134166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1176021                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          462                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3125                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99972                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10702                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      1923673                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles      24689488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       237655                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126393053                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29874076                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15105254                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7415                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146884                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3125                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       524366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       533306                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1057672                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120579804                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29021805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           44084130                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       15798664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         15062325                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.474185                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            120386799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           120383563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        65035387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       128403676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.473413                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506492                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97792121                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    114921994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11484937                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14646                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       920958                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229007429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187174153     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15395526      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7169493      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7052694      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1951480      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8070132      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       615002      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448784      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130165      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229007429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     97792121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    114921994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             43703305                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            28698040                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7312                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15176058                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       102193379                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1113192                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1130165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          354283909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         254737794                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3914598                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              23357606                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          97792121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           114921994                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     97792121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.600299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.600299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.384571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.384571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      596069339                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     139798524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     150815865                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        14624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254288700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       17906260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14642929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1750401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7594572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7086525                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1843237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77727                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173938340                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            101544355                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          17906260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      8929762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21294816                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5069938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      7905511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10694884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1761653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    206419404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      185124588     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1156000      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1828332      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2896162      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1211199      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1361363      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1430884      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         935981      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10474895      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    206419404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399327                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      172301204                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9555654                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21228999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        53265                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3280280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2936240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          433                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    124011919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3280280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      172555420                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1977215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6812554                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21032599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       761334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    123930165                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        32830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       212165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       276199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        59931                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    172027475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    576502915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    576502915                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    147012533                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25014745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        32100                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17885                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2233589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     11823557                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6355538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1439381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        123757777                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       117233123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148962                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15522726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34437179                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3531                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206419404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156944836     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19883134      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10865667      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7391440      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6906927      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1997028      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1541049      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529391      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359932      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206419404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27257     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82698     38.31%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105888     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98204655     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1850379      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14214      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10842635      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6321240      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    117233123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461024                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215843                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441250455                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139313997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115357568                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    117448966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       356877                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120471                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          364                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7321                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3280280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1228610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106793                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123790108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11823557                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6355538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17879                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79260                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024449                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       996690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2021139                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115571737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10198057                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1661386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16517615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16270026                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6319558                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            115358386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           115357568                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        67447430                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       176165708                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382864                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86354648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    105848866                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17941640                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28665                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1787910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203139124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160170996     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20806521     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8102428      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4365366      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3270038      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1824445      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1124638      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006350      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2468342      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203139124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     86354648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    105848866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             15871332                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             9703065                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             14302                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15194196                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        95377731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2150314                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2468342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          324460716                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         250861681                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2818190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              47869296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          86354648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           105848866                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     86354648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.944702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.944702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      521193929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     159895633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     115677652                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        28638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.694765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.432244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.937403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27154                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704564833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6805924116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704564833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6805924116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704564833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6805924116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814748.430307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823164.503628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814748.430307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823164.503628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814748.430307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823164.503628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981896949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079832032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981896949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079832032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981896949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079832032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726928.782234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735344.948234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726928.782234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735344.948234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726928.782234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735344.948234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        32663                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.939774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         200168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        34711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.766702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.697391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.846057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1804.096974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         238.299353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.880907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.116357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 38551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12346                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               12346                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  38579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38578                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 38579                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               32625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                32663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32625                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               32663                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83750524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31106559654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31190310178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     71950316                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     71950316                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83750524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31178509970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    31262260494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83750524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31178509970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   31262260494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             71176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12346                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           12346                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              71242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             71242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2203961.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 954569.603032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956024.833042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1893429.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1893429.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2203961.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 955663.140843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957115.405627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2203961.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 955663.140843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957115.405627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5144                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5144                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           32663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          32663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80412561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28244625012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28325037573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     68613445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68613445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80412561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28313238457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28393651018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80412561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28313238457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28393651018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2116120.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866745.174824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868200.385379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1805616.973684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1805616.973684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2116120.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 867838.726651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869290.971987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2116120.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 867838.726651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869290.971987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        27948                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.599186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         161283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        29996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.376817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.136885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.609967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1642.241850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         389.610484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.801876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.190239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 35055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7275                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                7275                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  35143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35142                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 35143                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               27909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                27938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27900                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               27938                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45459443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25598170990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25643630433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23164735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23164735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45459443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25621335725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    25666795168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45459443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25621335725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   25666795168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             62964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7275                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            7275                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              63081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             63081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1196301.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 918451.831294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918830.141997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798783.965517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798783.965517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1196301.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 918327.445341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 918705.532536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1196301.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 918327.445341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 918705.532536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4152                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4152                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           27938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          27938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42123043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  23150779110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23192902153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20617560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20617560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42123043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  23171396670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23213519713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42123043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  23171396670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23213519713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1108501.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 830640.418715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831018.744957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710950.344828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710950.344828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1108501.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 830516.009677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830894.112428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1108501.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 830516.009677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830894.112428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        11506                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.464792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         191388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        13553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        14.121449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.942494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.639712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1509.140261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         505.742325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.736885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.246944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 27365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  27511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27509                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 27511                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               11505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                11505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11461                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               11505                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86625962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9362533419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9449159381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86625962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9362533419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     9449159381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     86625962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9362533419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    9449159381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             38870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              39016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             39016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.295204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1968771.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816903.709886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821308.942286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1968771.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816903.709886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821308.942286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1968771.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816903.709886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821308.942286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5035                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5035                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           11504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          11504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82761034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8354853846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8437614880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82761034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8354853846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8437614880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82761034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8354853846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8437614880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.295178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1880932.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729044.838220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733450.528512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1880932.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729044.838220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733450.528512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1880932.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729044.838220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733450.528512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        32712                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.938373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         200258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        34760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.761162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.689102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.913208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1806.388389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         235.947673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.882026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.115209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 38656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               12331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  38684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38683                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 38684                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               32674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                32712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               32712                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30883689707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30960403258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     63109484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63109484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30946799191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    31023512742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     76713551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30946799191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   31023512742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             71330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           12331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              71396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             71396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 946336.439620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947554.730305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1660775.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1660775.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 947167.361154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948383.245965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967014.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 947167.361154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948383.245965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5164                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           32712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          32712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28018135072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28091423449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59773084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59773084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28077908156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28151196533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73288377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28077908156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28151196533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 858530.261131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859748.529381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1572975.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1572975.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 859361.189851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860577.052244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879189.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 859361.189851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860577.052244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        11515                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.443690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         191413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        13562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        14.113921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.920191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.403831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1509.284385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         505.835283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.736955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.246990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 27384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  27535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27533                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 27535                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               11514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                11514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11472                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               11514                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81244904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9324192221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9405437125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81244904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9324192221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     9405437125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81244904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9324192221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    9405437125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             38898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              39049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             39049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.296005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1934402.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812778.261942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816869.647820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1934402.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812778.261942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816869.647820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1934402.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 812778.261942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816869.647820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5040                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5040                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77557304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8316257457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8393814761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77557304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8316257457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8393814761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77557304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8316257457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8393814761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1846602.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 724981.035394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729072.766525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1846602.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 724981.035394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729072.766525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1846602.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 724981.035394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729072.766525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        11486                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.451678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         191329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        13531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        14.140049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.932526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.646384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1508.924141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         505.948627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.736779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.247045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 27323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8786                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8786                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  27472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27470                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 27472                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               11483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                11483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11439                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               11483                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85851483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9507923557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9593775040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85851483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9507923557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     9593775040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     85851483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9507923557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    9593775040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             38806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8786                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8786                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              38955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             38955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951170.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 831184.855057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 835476.359836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951170.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 831184.855057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 835476.359836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951170.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 831184.855057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 835476.359836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5027                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5027                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           11482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          11482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81986300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8502116503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8584102803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81986300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8502116503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8584102803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81986300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8502116503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8584102803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1863325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 743321.953401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747613.900279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1863325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 743321.953401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747613.900279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1863325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 743321.953401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747613.900279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         8271                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.217021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         214148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        10316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        20.758821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.152332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     6.697718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1380.362836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         622.004135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.003270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.674005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.303713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 26959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  27165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27163                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 27165                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                8272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 8272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                8272                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672558802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6774292692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672558802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     6774292692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672558802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    6774292692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             35231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              35437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             35437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810465.055508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818942.540135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810465.055508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818942.540135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810465.055508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818942.540135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4343                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4343                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            8272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           8272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949628060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047937750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949628060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047937750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949628060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047937750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722656.147212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731133.673839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722656.147212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731133.673839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722656.147212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731133.673839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         8275                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.226241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         214174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        10320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        20.753295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.162658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     6.506280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1380.515267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         622.042035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.003177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.674080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.303731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 26973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8427                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8427                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  27177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        27175                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 27177                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                8276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 8276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8237                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                8276                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104641512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6664441209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6769082721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104641512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6664441209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     6769082721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104641512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6664441209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    6769082721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             35249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8427                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8427                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              35453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             35453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2683115.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809085.978997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817917.196834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2683115.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809085.978997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817917.196834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2683115.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809085.978997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817917.196834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4346                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4346                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            8276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           8276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101217247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5941089453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6042306700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101217247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5941089453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6042306700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101217247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5941089453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6042306700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2595314.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 721268.599369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730099.891252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2595314.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 721268.599369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730099.891252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2595314.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 721268.599369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730099.891252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        32691                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.939882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         200036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        34739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.758254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.688634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.895461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1804.955163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         237.400624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.881326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.115918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 38485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12281                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               12281                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  38512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38511                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 38512                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               32652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                32691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32652                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               32691                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100203694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31397316928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31497520622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     65545815                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65545815                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100203694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31462862743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    31563066437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100203694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31462862743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   31563066437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             71137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12281                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           12281                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              71203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             71203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.590909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.590909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2569325.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 962723.972894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964642.919944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1680661.923077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1680661.923077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2569325.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 963581.487903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965497.122664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2569325.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 963581.487903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965497.122664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5142                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5142                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           32691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          32691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96769113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28532169460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28628938573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     62119365                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62119365                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96769113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28594288825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28691057938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96769113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28594288825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28691057938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.458834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2481259.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 874871.047128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876789.739465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1592804.230769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1592804.230769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2481259.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 875728.556444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877643.936802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2481259.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 875728.556444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877643.936802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        27887                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.601435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         161259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        29935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.386972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.485480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.634749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1641.409960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         390.071246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.801470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.190464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 35033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7274                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                7274                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  35121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35120                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 35121                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               27847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                27876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27838                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               27876                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51796133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25607346232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25659142365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24221223                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24221223                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51796133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25631567455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    25683363588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51796133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25631567455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   25683363588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             62880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7274                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            7274                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              62997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             62997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363056.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920829.452048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921432.914318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835214.586207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 835214.586207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363056.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920740.263489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921343.219544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363056.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920740.263489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921343.219544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4152                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4152                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           27876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          27876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48459733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23165477428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23213937161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21673893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21673893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48459733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23187151321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23235611054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48459733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23187151321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23235611054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.442168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275256.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 833020.871948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833624.345926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747375.620690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747375.620690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275256.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 832931.651735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833534.619529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275256.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 832931.651735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833534.619529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        11486                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.459353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         191336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        13532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        14.139521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.944203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     5.521845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1509.063169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         505.930136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.736847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.247036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 27327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8785                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                8785                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  27473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27471                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 27473                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               11484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                11484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11441                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               11484                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72041133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9472291283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9544332416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72041133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9472291283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     9544332416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72041133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9472291283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    9544332416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             38811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8785                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            8785                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              38957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             38957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1675375.186047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 827925.118696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831098.259840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1675375.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 827925.118696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831098.259840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1675375.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 827925.118696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831098.259840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5027                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5027                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           11483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          11483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68263775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8466891752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8535155527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68263775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8466891752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8535155527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68263775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8466891752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8535155527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1587529.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740112.915385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743286.208047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1587529.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740112.915385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743286.208047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1587529.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740112.915385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743286.208047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        32679                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.938048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         200119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        34727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.762634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.687898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.211947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1806.300832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         235.737371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.881983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.115106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 38551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12297                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               12297                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  38579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38578                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 38579                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               32644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                32682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32639                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               32682                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80676663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31197518143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31278194806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57371104                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     57371104                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80676663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31254889247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    31335565910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80676663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31254889247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   31335565910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             71195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12297                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           12297                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              71261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             71261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876201.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 956949.729855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958160.605502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1509765.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1509765.894737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876201.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 957593.346824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958801.967750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876201.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 957593.346824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958801.967750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5148                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5148                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           32682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          32682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76900440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28334733267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28411633707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     54034704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54034704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76900440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28388767971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28465668411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76900440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28388767971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28465668411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788382.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 869136.936505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870347.803792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1421965.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1421965.894737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788382.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 869780.568369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870989.180925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788382.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 869780.568369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870989.180925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        17586                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.527027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         225743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        19634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        11.497555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.925433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.871073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1630.856312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         380.874209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.796317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.185974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        32875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 32876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17921                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               17921                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  33017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33016                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 33017                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               17569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                17576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17541                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               17576                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67758714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14828229744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14895988458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7088925                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7088925                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67758714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14835318669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    14903077383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67758714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14835318669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   14903077383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             50445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17921                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           17921                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              50593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             50593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1935963.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 845684.370024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847856.363936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1012703.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1012703.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1935963.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 845751.021550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847922.017695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1935963.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 845751.021550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847922.017695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               9529                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    9529                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           17576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          17576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64685036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13288361096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13353046132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6473500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6473500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64685036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13294834596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13359519632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64685036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13294834596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13359519632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1848143.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 757862.501198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760034.500085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924785.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924785.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1848143.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 757929.114418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760100.115612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1848143.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 757929.114418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760100.115612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        32701                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.940418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         200222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        34749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.761950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.704674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     1.935876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1804.969532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         237.330336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.881333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.115884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 38609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12341                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               12341                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  38638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38637                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 38638                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               32664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                32701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32662                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               32701                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87034059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30936953745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31023987804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61419229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     61419229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87034059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30998372974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    31085407033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87034059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30998372974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   31085407033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             71273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12341                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           12341                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              71339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             71339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2231642.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 948259.118621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949791.446363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1659979.162162                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1659979.162162                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2231642.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 949065.365685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950594.998104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2231642.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 949065.365685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950594.998104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5159                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5159                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           32701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          32701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83609535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28071848667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28155458202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58169965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58169965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83609535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28130018632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28213628167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83609535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28130018632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28213628167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2143834.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 860439.805885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861972.146767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1572161.216216                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1572161.216216                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2143834.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 861246.054498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862775.700040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2143834.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 861246.054498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862775.700040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        27889                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.600060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         161255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        29937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.386478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.278400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.744659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1639.474234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         392.102768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.800525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.191456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 35030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  35118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35117                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 35118                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               27851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                27880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27841                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               27880                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54926617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25616162245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25671088862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     23946707                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23946707                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54926617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25640108952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    25695035569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54926617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25640108952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   25695035569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             62881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              62998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        62958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             62998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1408374.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 921047.110780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921729.520017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825748.517241                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825748.517241                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1408374.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 920947.844977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921629.683250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1408374.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 920947.844977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921629.683250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4156                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4156                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           27880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          27880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51501636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23174109603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23225611239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21400507                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21400507                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51501636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23195510110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23247011746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     51501636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23195510110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23247011746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.442215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1320554.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 833241.392313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833923.781516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 737948.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737948.517241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1320554.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 833142.132467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833823.950717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1320554.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 833142.132467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833823.950717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040166.177419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.313326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        93006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        93006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20425332468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20425332468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134415814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134415814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20559748282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20559748282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20559748282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20559748282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224659.111805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224659.111805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64344.573480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64344.573480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221058.300346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221058.300346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221058.300346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221058.300346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11741                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2935.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8525595540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8525595540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15042460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15042460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8540638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8540638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8540638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8540638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242376.561194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242376.561194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73021.650485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73021.650485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241390.520336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241390.520336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241390.520336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241390.520336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              576.666718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1038155682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1783772.649485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    36.284038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   540.382680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.058147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.865998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.924145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10440361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10440361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10440361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10440361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10440361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10440361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117746681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117746681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117746681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117746681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117746681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117746681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10440419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10440419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10440419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10440419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10440419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10440419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2030115.189655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2030115.189655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2030115.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2030115.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2030115.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2030115.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84142224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84142224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84142224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84142224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84142224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84142224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2157492.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2157492.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2157492.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2157492.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2157492.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2157492.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                71203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              443034855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                71459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              6199.846835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.899658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.100342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     27321507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27321507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14963549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14963549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     42285056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       42285056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     42285056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      42285056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       261274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       261537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       261537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       261537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       261537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128846680918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128846680918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    272314193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272314193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 129118995111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129118995111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 129118995111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129118995111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     27582781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27582781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14963812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14963812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     42546593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42546593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     42546593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42546593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 493147.733483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493147.733483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1035415.182510                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1035415.182510                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 493693.034297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493693.034297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 493693.034297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493693.034297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       254548                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       254548                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           12346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       190137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       190334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       190334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34009832265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34009832265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74129593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74129593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34083961858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34083961858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34083961858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34083961858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 478089.211873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478089.211873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1123175.651515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1123175.651515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 478687.160063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478687.160063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 478687.160063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478687.160063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              527.413941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1013364783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1915623.408318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.413941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10697102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10697102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10697102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10697102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10697102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10697102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68771172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68771172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68771172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68771172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68771172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68771172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10697160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10697160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10697160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10697160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10697160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10697160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1185709.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1185709.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1185709.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1185709.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1185709.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1185709.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45861692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45861692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45861692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45861692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     45861692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45861692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1175940.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1175940.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1175940.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1175940.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1175940.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1175940.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                63042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              178972807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                63298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2827.463854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.074596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.925404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7414286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7414286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6140991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6140991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     13555277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       13555277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     13555277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      13555277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       164888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       165719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       165719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       165719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       165719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  72066864510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72066864510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    295814883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    295814883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  72362679393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72362679393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  72362679393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72362679393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7579174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7579174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6141822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6141822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        14327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     13720996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13720996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     13720996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13720996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 437065.550616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437065.550616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 355974.588448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 355974.588448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436658.918971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436658.918971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436658.918971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436658.918971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       354618                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       177309                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       101963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       102677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       102677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28131764092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28131764092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29093427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29093427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28160857519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28160857519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28160857519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28160857519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447068.161971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447068.161971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 248661.769231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248661.769231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446699.938438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446699.938438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446699.938438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446699.938438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.061805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1008498788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1935698.249520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    45.061805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.072214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11586317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11586317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11586317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11586317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11586317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11586317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114270548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114270548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114270548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114270548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114270548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114270548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11586386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11586386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11586386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11586386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11586386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11586386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1656094.898551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1656094.898551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1656094.898551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1656094.898551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1656094.898551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1656094.898551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       333039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 166519.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     87173255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87173255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     87173255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87173255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     87173255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87173255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1895070.760870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1895070.760870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1895070.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1895070.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1895070.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1895070.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                38970                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              165353967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                39226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4215.417504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.518996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.481004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7977699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7977699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6717183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6717183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14694882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14694882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14694882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14694882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       124842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       125700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       125700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       125700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       125700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42258892935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42258892935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     72475684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72475684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42331368619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42331368619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  42331368619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42331368619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8102541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8102541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6718041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6718041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14820582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14820582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14820582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14820582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338499.006224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338499.006224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84470.494172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84470.494172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336765.064590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336765.064590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 336765.064590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336765.064590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11241543285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11241543285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9462864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9462864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11251006149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11251006149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11251006149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11251006149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 289551.393082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289551.393082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64814.136986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64814.136986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288709.421324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288709.421324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288709.421324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288709.421324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              577.497127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1038177027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1780749.617496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.248038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.249088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10461706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10461706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10461706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10461706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100096686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100096686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10461765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10461765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10461765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10461765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1696554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77101351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77101351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1927533.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                71356                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              443149698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                71612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              6188.204463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.899558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.100442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     27400429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27400429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14999432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14999432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     42399861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       42399861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     42399861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      42399861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       261670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       261670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       261670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128057670540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128057670540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    265409182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265409182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128323079722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128323079722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 128323079722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128323079722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     27661828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27661828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14999703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14999703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     42661531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42661531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     42661531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42661531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 489893.498215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489893.498215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 979369.675277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 979369.675277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490400.426958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490400.426958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490400.426958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490400.426958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1246724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           12331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       190314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        71356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33794205150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33794205150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     65271508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65271508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33859476658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33859476658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33859476658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33859476658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474038.506803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474038.506803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 988962.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988962.242424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474514.780229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474514.780229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474514.780229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474514.780229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.928233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1008505718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1943170.940270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.928233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.068795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11593247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11593247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11593247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11593247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11593247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11593247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106142274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106142274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106142274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106142274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106142274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106142274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11593309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11593309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11593309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11593309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11593309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11593309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1711972.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1711972.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1711972.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1711972.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1711972.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1711972.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       927195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       927195                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81766467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81766467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81766467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81766467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81766467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81766467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858328.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858328.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858328.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858328.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1858328.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858328.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              165363363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                39261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4211.898907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.520582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.479418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7982998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7982998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6721278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6721278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14704276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14704276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14704276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14704276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       124787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       125683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       125683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       125683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       125683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  41858761545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41858761545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     75592347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75592347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  41934353892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41934353892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  41934353892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41934353892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8107785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8107785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6722174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6722174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17304                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17304                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14829959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14829959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14829959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14829959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335441.684991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335441.684991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84366.458705                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84366.458705                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333651.757931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333651.757931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333651.757931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333651.757931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        85933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        86678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        86678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11204506741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11204506741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9724520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9724520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11214231261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11214231261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11214231261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11214231261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288374.600839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288374.600839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64400.794702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64400.794702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287507.531368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287507.531368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287507.531368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287507.531368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.061641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1008485950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1935673.608445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    45.061641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.072214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11573479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11573479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11573479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11573479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11573479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11573479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    115662065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115662065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    115662065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115662065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    115662065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115662065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11573549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11573549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11573549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11573549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11573549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11573549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1652315.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1652315.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1652315.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1652315.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1652315.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1652315.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       318677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 159338.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86395607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86395607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86395607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86395607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86395607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86395607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1878165.369565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1878165.369565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1878165.369565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1878165.369565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1878165.369565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1878165.369565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                38909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165335595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                39165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4221.513979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.517914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.482086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7968130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7968130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6708419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6708419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16155                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16155                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14676549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14676549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14676549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14676549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       124599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       125481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       125481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       125481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       125481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42459410627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42459410627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     74533123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74533123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42533943750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42533943750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42533943750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42533943750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8092729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8092729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6709301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6709301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16155                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16155                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14802030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14802030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14802030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14802030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 340768.470269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340768.470269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84504.674603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84504.674603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338967.204198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338967.204198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338967.204198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338967.204198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        85839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        86572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        86572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11383977363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11383977363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9642770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9642770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11393620133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11393620133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11393620133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11393620133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 293704.266331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293704.266331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64716.577181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64716.577181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 292827.369837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292827.369837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 292827.369837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292827.369837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.482344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011926758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2040174.915323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    40.482344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11918658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11918658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11918658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2929404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585880.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                35396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163377227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                35652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4582.554331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.472640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.527360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9510240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9510240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7065111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7065111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16575351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16575351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16575351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16575351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        90951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        93040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        93040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20360001666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20360001666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    134582912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134582912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20494584578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20494584578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20494584578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20494584578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9601191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9601191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7067200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7067200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16668391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16668391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16668391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16668391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223856.820332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223856.820332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64424.562949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64424.562949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220277.134329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220277.134329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220277.134329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220277.134329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3893.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8494385037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8494385037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15052066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15052066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8509437103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8509437103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8509437103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8509437103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241386.332396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241386.332396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73068.281553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73068.281553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240406.743785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240406.743785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240406.743785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240406.743785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.444952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011928091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2040177.602823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    40.444952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.064816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11919991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11919991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11919991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11919991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11919991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11919991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157081168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157081168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157081168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157081168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157081168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157081168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11920049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11920049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11920049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11920049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11920049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11920049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2708296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2708296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2708296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2708296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2708296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2708296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2941840                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       588368                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    105094721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105094721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    105094721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105094721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    105094721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105094721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2563285.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563285.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2563285.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563285.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2563285.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563285.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                35412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              163383247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                35668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4580.667461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.474226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.525774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9514774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9514774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7066588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7066588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16581362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16581362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16581362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16581362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        90990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        93082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        93082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        93082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        93082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20309765400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20309765400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    134256426                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134256426                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20444021826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20444021826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  20444021826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20444021826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9605764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9605764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7068680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16674444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16674444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16674444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16674444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223208.763600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223208.763600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64176.111855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64176.111855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219634.535420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219634.535420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 219634.535420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219634.535420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        19616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3923.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        55782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        35412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8487088033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8487088033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14885718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14885718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8501973751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8501973751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8501973751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8501973751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 241055.670103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241055.670103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72969.205882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72969.205882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240087.364481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240087.364481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240087.364481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240087.364481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              578.547825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1038143437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1780692.001715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.469929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.077896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10428116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10428116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10428116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10428116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10428116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10428116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131594583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131594583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131594583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131594583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131594583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131594583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10428172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10428172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10428172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10428172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10428172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10428172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2349903.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2349903.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2349903.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2349903.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2349903.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2349903.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       609082                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       304541                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100592894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100592894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100592894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100592894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100592894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100592894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2514822.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2514822.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2514822.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2514822.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2514822.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2514822.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                71163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              442971606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                71419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              6202.433610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.900607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.099393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     27281509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27281509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14940311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14940311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7308                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7308                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7288                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7288                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     42221820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       42221820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     42221820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      42221820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       261007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       261264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       261264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       261264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       261264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 129883283244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 129883283244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    244976639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    244976639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130128259883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 130128259883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130128259883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 130128259883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     27542516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27542516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14940568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14940568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7288                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7288                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     42483084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42483084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     42483084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42483084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497623.754321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 497623.754321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 953216.494163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953216.494163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498071.911488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 498071.911488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498071.911488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 498071.911488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       622501                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       622501                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       189910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       190101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       190101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        71097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        71163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        71163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34296158933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34296158933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67657917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67657917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34363816850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34363816850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34363816850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34363816850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 482385.458360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482385.458360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1025119.954545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1025119.954545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 482888.816520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482888.816520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 482888.816520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482888.816520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              527.223980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1013361476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1915617.156900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.223980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.059654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10693795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10693795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10693795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10693795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10693795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10693795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84663403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84663403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84663403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84663403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84663403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84663403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10693861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10693861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10693861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10693861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10693861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10693861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1282778.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1282778.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1282778.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1282778.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1282778.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1282778.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52204848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52204848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52204848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52204848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52204848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52204848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1338585.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338585.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1338585.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338585.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1338585.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338585.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                62958                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              178964721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                63214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2831.093128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.070289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.929711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7410046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7410046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6137212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6137212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14317                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14317                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13547258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       13547258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13547258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      13547258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       164441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       165222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       165222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       165222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       165222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  71807422511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71807422511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    278054672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    278054672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  72085477183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72085477183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  72085477183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72085477183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7574487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7574487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6137993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6137993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14317                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14317                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     13712480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13712480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     13712480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13712480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436675.905103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436675.905103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 356023.907810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356023.907810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436294.665256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436294.665256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436294.665256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436294.665256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       101600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       102264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       102264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28138345218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28138345218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30140904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30140904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28168486122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28168486122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28168486122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28168486122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447770.487707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447770.487707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 257614.564103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257614.564103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447417.105404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447417.105404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447417.105404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447417.105404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.103876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1008486314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1939396.757692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    44.103876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.070679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11573843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11573843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11573843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11573843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11573843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11573843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95979564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95979564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95979564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95979564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95979564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95979564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11573907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11573907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11573907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11573907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11573907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11573907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1499680.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1499680.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1499680.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1499680.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1499680.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1499680.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72573716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72573716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72573716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72573716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72573716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72573716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1612749.244444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612749.244444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1612749.244444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612749.244444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1612749.244444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612749.244444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                38912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165337650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                39168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4221.243107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.520845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.479155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7969327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7969327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6709269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6709269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17299                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14678596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14678596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14678596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14678596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       124569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          858                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       125427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       125427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       125427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       125427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42131224821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42131224821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72170593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72170593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42203395414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42203395414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  42203395414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42203395414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8093896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8093896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6710127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6710127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14804023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14804023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14804023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14804023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 338215.967223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338215.967223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84114.910256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84114.910256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336477.755300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336477.755300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336477.755300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336477.755300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8785                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        85803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        86515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        86515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11348636867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11348636867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9411274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9411274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11358048141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11358048141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11358048141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11358048141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292747.171929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292747.171929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64460.780822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64460.780822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291890.628624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291890.628624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291890.628624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291890.628624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              580.546619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1038154886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1768577.318569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.943645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   540.602975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.064012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.866351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10439565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10439565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10439565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10439565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10439565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10439565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104907605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104907605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104907605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104907605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104907605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104907605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10439628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10439628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10439628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10439628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10439628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10439628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1665200.079365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1665200.079365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1665200.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1665200.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1665200.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1665200.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81098362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81098362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81098362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81098362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81098362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81098362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1843144.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843144.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1843144.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843144.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1843144.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843144.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                71214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              443048401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                71470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              6199.082146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.900451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.099549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     27333137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27333137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14965461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14965461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     42298598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       42298598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     42298598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      42298598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       261341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       261341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129129838788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 129129838788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    242320779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    242320779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129372159567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129372159567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129372159567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129372159567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     27594214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27594214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14965725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14965725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7313                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7313                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     42559939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42559939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     42559939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42559939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494604.422404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494604.422404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 917881.738636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 917881.738636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 495032.006333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495032.006333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 495032.006333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495032.006333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230736                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           12297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       189926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       190124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       190124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34100836544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34100836544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59572082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59572082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34160408626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34160408626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34160408626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34160408626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 479274.171045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479274.171045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 902607.303030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902607.303030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 479666.492916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479666.492916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 479666.492916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479666.492916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.299653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1009207138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1948276.328185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.299653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10987393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10987393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10987393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10987393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10987393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10987393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95484600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95484600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95484600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95484600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95484600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95484600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10987443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10987443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10987443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10987443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10987443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10987443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1909692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1909692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1909692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1909692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1909692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1909692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68114370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68114370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68114370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68114370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68114370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68114370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1892065.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892065.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1892065.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892065.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1892065.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1892065.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                50557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              170836736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                50813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3362.067502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.597767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.402233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7746201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7746201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6552675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6552675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16399                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16399                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15083                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15083                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14298876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14298876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14298876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14298876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       173253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       178382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       178382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       178382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       178382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  73255127037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73255127037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3234184437                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3234184437                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  76489311474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76489311474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  76489311474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76489311474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7919454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7919454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6557804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6557804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16399                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16399                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15083                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15083                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14477258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14477258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14477258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14477258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 422821.694499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422821.694499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 630568.227140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 630568.227140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 428795.010001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428795.010001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 428795.010001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428795.010001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44591585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 530852.202381                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           17921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       122844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       127825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       127825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17134959261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17134959261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16247377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16247377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17151206638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17151206638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17151206638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17151206638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 339918.650658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339918.650658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109779.574324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109779.574324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 339244.944083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339244.944083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 339244.944083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339244.944083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              578.196556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1038176235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1780748.259005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.118354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.078202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10460914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10460914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10460914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10460914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10460914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10460914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    117382669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117382669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    117382669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117382669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    117382669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117382669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10460977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10460977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10460977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10460977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10460977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10460977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1863216.968254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1863216.968254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1863216.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1863216.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1863216.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1863216.968254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1297893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 648946.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87424248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87424248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87424248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87424248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87424248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87424248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2185606.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2185606.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2185606.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2185606.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2185606.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2185606.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                71299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              443117170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                71555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              6192.679338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.899783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.100217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     27377163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27377163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14990174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14990174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     42367337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       42367337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     42367337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      42367337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       261440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       261698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       261698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       261698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       261698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128332787741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128332787741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    243476533                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    243476533                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128576264274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128576264274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128576264274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128576264274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     27638603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27638603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14990432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14990432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     42629035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42629035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     42629035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42629035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 490868.986157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490868.986157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943707.492248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943707.492248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 491315.425697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491315.425697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 491315.425697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491315.425697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278609                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278609                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           12341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       190207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       190399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       190399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33844189595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33844189595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     63664299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63664299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33907853894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33907853894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33907853894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33907853894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 475119.531608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475119.531608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 964610.590909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964610.590909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 475572.643291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475572.643291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 475572.643291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475572.643291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.181138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1013362504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1912004.724528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.181138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10694823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10694823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10694823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10694823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10694823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10694823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83669341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83669341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83669341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83669341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83669341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83669341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10694884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10694884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10694884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10694884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10694884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10694884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1371628.540984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1371628.540984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1371628.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1371628.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1371628.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1371628.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55345852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55345852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55345852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55345852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55345852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55345852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383646.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1383646.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383646.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1383646.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383646.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1383646.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                62957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              178966660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                63213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2831.168589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.065481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.934519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7410631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7410631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6138590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6138590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14319                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14319                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13549221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       13549221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13549221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      13549221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       164507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       165255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       165255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       165255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       165255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  71781007476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71781007476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    263952893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263952893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  72044960369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72044960369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  72044960369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72044960369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7575138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7575138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6139338                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6139338                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        14319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14319                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     13714476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13714476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     13714476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13714476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 436340.140395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436340.140395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 352878.199198                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 352878.199198                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435962.363432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435962.363432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435962.363432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435962.363432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       101666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       102297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       102297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        62958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28146995755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28146995755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     29864538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29864538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28176860293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28176860293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28176860293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28176860293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 447908.145240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447908.145240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 255252.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255252.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 447550.117427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447550.117427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 447550.117427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447550.117427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
