
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 373159                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   472498                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 287355                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 43058.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16067724282                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20345148252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       428928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       269824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       253824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       253440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       454784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       424576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       429696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4470912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1451904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1451904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           11343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                11343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       341385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34666053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20689975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20586525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21807233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20514110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20483075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13303654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     36755740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34314323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20689975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34728122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               361340062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       341385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5855263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         117343191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              117343191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         117343191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       341385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34666053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20689975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20586525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21807233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20514110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20483075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13303654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     36755740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34314323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20689975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34728122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              478683254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546229     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282526     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258189      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858593      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180506      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61062      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652360     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2082933                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205541                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852986                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817906                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213454                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20204212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11824408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2082933                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1031360                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2475067                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        600706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       984957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1244442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206569                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24054893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21579826     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         134051      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         210621      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         336377      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         139661      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         155968      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         166968      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         109543      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1221878      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24054893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398507                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20010298                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1180765                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2467155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       390381                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       341256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14434746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       390381                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20041478                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        254536                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       834879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2442769                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        90845                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14424322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5927                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     20024633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67095508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67095508                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17038789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2985839                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          272178                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1375923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       738779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       169422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14404199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13614502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1853532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4165177                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          443                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24054893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18312749     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2305779      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1259029      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860696      3.58%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803388      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229824      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180160      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61199      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42069      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24054893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3185     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9646     38.33%     50.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12334     49.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11404564     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215315      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1648      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259127      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733848      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13614502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.458836                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25165                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51326927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16261644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13392604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13639667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23919                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          870                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       390381                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        161492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12662                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14407988                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          913                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1375923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119042                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118078                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       237120                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13418455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183273                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       196047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1916762                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1887902                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           733489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13392797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13392604                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7830221                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20457122                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.451358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382763                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10008760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12267910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2140142                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       209665                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23664512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18682722     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412995     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940073      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506020      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378108      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211274      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131054      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116545      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285721      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23664512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10008760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12267910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1839424                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1124564                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1761172                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11054119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       249215                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       285721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37786778                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29206526                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                329650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               5616912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10008760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12267910                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10008760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.964584                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.964584                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60505840                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18565061                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13463889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2188096                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1795317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216115                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853737                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223383                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20870470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12429990                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2188096                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1077120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2731693                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        614112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1895467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1287311                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     25891781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23160088     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         293324      1.13%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         341500      1.32%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         188684      0.73%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         218886      0.85%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         119372      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          81978      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         212289      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1275660      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     25891781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.418916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20703875                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2065834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2709579                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        20588                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       391903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       354025                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15169355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        11470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       391903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20735622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        706444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1268037                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2699204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        90569                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15159273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        23951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        41610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21065955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     70572365                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     70572365                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17953841                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3112014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3872                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2120                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          246130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1449401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       786832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20674                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       173694                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15132293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3876                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14286845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1908686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4435887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25891781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19869360     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2424604      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299187      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902156      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787452      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402891      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96316      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63280      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46535      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25891781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3665     11.91%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13224     42.99%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13874     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11959907     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223142      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321157      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780891      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14286845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.481496                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54516284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17045023                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14048975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14317608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35953                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          504                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       391903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        661462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15136196                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1449401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786832                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2117                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       246684                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14075870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1241083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2021742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1969528                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           780659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474385                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14049329                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14048975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8351602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        21874528                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473479                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10543774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12936201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2200202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       217107                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25499878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20212839     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2453186      9.62%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1027258      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       616106      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428362      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       276082      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143465      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115107      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227473      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25499878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10543774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12936201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1959887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1189898                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1851420                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11662596                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       263262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       227473                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           40408743                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30664808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                321298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3780024                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10543774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12936201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10543774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.814154                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.814154                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355347                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355347                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63492017                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19500003                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14158077                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671668                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2183022                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         851767                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         222874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20823062                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12401275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2183022                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1074641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2725399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        612704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1935088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1284389                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25876794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23151395     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         292655      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         340692      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         188264      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         218368      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         119093      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          81803      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         211811      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1272713      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25876794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073573                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20656853                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2105056                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2703344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20536                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       391003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       353215                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15134451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11446                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       391003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20688525                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        719275                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1294683                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2692991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        90315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15124367                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        23911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        41455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21017671                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70409980                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70409980                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17912710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3104902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3861                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          245452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446056                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       785009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20611                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       173295                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15097478                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3865                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14254008                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1904268                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4425583                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25876794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19868328     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2418992      9.35%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1296149      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899987      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       785646      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401995      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96104      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63170      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46423      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25876794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3663     11.93%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13195     42.99%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13834     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11932475     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222610      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1744      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318118      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779061      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14254008                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480391                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54435505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17005779                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14016704                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14284700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258894                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16795                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          501                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       391003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        674396                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15101369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446056                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10835                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121368                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       246136                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14043495                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1238200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2017028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1965032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           778828                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473296                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14017051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14016704                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8332425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21824349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472394                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10519537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12906501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2195073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       216614                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25485791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20210943     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447517      9.60%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1024864      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       614693      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427389      1.68%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275444      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143147      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114833      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226961      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25485791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10519537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12906501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1955344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1187149                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1847194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11635801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       262660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       226961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           40360339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30594244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                320589                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3794874                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10519537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12906501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10519537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.820625                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.820625                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63345932                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19455405                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14125352                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2576220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276582                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10911                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22406687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             14132686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2576220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1216251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2944401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        657404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2008127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1392979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27783896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24839495     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         180105      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         226890      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         362361      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         151535      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         194981      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         227478      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         104992      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1496059      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27783896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086824                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22279691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2153130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2930336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       391720                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     17274926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22302994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         72280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2017134                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2908446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        63766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     17167182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        44292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     23976143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     79825882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     79825882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     20031308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3944835                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          224544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1609202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       840202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9488                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       190034                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16759588                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        16067269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2052076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4195233                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27783896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976506     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103883     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269252      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       713056      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962639      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297798      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291625      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156678      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12459      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27783896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110907     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15149     10.79%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14363     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13535676     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219559      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472625      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837422      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     16067269                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60075721                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18815921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15648341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     16207688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307286                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       419268                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         55308                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16763745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1609202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139084                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132773                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       271857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15787342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1448173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2285469                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2231847                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           837296                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15648431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15648341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9374473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        25187950                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527381                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11653666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14360051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2403744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       237499                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27364628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21286018     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3080404     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119150      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557031      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509893      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213898      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211871      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100938      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285425      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27364628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11653666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14360051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2129379                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1301916                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2081270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12928916                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       296550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       285425                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           43842920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          33946875                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                341960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1887909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11653666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14360051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11653666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.546135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.546135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       71032486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      21866669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15974947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2021332                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1809844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334817                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21459410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11497382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2021332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1453072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2563169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        539038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       877117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1300489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25274535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22711366     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         394590      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         194402      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         391096      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         120735      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         363811      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          56019      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          89993      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         952523      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25274535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.387485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21276078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1065715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2557922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2050                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       185490                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2048                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12821721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4822                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21297527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        710308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       288118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2536258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        69554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12801260                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        52531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16731630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     57963255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     57963255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     13499088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3232532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          165051                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2350455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       365413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        81824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12734025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11903386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7885                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2351512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4838490                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25274535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20059282     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618716      6.40%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771021      7.01%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015638      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520604      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131874      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       150805      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3662      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2933      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25274535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19314     56.78%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8147     23.95%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6557     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9307582     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90755      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2142542     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361684      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11903386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.401168                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34018                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49123210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15087255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11595205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11937404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        634523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12735712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2350455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       172776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11753477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2111237                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2472871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1788600                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           361634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.396116                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11598425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11595205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7023423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        15159847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.390782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9235578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     10366384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2369852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       162142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24901769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21057269     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499233      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972395      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305903      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513939      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98181      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62290      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56221      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336338      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24901769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9235578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     10366384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2215725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1859920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1593073                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9050409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       126715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       336338                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37301628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25845528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                486440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4397269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9235578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            10366384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9235578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.212772                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.212772                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.311258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.311258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       54690103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      15071816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13672739                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2572620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2142144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235577                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         938376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10949                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22378274                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             14115500                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2572620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1215131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2940617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        657298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2040038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1391408                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27783085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24842468     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         179925      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         225206      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         362034      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         151922      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         194946      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         227508      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         105317      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1493759      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27783085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22251302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2184443                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2926608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1439                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       391199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     17255685                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22274322                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         71510                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2049539                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2905005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        63409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     17149263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        44128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     23949971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     79746322                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     79746322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     20006907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3943049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          222907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       839322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       189731                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16743525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4128                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        16052473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2054355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4196564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27783085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20983851     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3098981     11.15%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1267724      4.56%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       711681      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962753      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297779      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291491      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156452      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12373      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27783085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110644     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15180     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14343     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13522273     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219401      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1984      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472215      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836600      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     16052473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541001                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60045124                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18802113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15631880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     16192640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11746                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         54784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16747659                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138818                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132724                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       271542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15771480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2283480                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2228963                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           836469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.531531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15631970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15631880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         9366184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        25167480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.526826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11639464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     14342492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2405221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       237362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27363792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21292736     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3076730     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1117589      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556104      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509366      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213816      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211598      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100684      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285169      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27363792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11639464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     14342492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2126724                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1300299                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          2078711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12913094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       296177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       285169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43826258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          33914746                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                341542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1888720                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11639464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            14342492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11639464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.549242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.549242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       70961037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      21844175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15955529                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2185299                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792560                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903329                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853207                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223198                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20863200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12415083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2185299                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1076405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2729456                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        612488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1991692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1286726                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25977179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23247723     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         293719      1.13%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         341411      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         188560      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         218542      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         119307      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          81474      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         211910      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1274533      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25977179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.418413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20696575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2162013                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2707458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        20545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       390586                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       354010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15153057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       390586                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20728168                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        663229                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1408048                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2697382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        89764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15143253                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        23604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        41377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21044477                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70502267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70502267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17949454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3095023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3887                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          243414                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       786761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20538                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       173541                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15117847                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14279109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1897516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4405056                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          369                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25977179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19957926     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2422839      9.33%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299047      5.00%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902074      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786823      3.03%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402395      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96468      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62977      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46630      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25977179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3649     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13286     43.08%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13904     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11953513     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223060      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319994      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780794      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14279109                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.481235                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30839                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54586177                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17019421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14041769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14309948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16978                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          332                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       390586                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        613440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15121765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10636                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124924                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121400                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       246324                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14068173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239998                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2020540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1968821                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           780542                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14042095                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14041769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8346611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21861573                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473236                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10541112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12932929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2189108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       216982                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25586593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20301312     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2452216      9.58%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026939      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615923      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428311      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275774      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143438      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115116      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227564      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25586593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10541112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12932929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1959352                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1189569                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1850961                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11659616                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       263188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       227564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           40481001                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30634680                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                321261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3694626                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10541112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12932929                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10541112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.814865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.814865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355257                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355257                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63457573                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19490035                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14142488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2184348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792690                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         852620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20869738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12407895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2184348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1075715                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2729216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        612977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1886638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1287084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214918                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25878464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23149248     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         294394      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         343158      1.33%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         187523      0.72%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         218625      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         119406      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          81430      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         209803      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1274877      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25878464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073617                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20702047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2058059                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2707079                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        20651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       352856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15142636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        11536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20734380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        681244                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1285418                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2696081                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        90713                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15132369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        23497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        41992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21030993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     70451534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     70451534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17944890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3086086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3935                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          246132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       785143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       172163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15103988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3942                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14265683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1890086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4396299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25878464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19861906     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2424563      9.37%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299368      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       898847      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       785965      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401481      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96425      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63244      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46665      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25878464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3549     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13022     42.73%     54.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13901     45.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11943407     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222863      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318664      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779001      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14265683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480782                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30472                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54459537                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16998186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14028821                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14296155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35861                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       257776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15538                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          556                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       390626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        628281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15227                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15107954                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10609                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124936                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       246378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14054706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239048                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2017773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1967052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           778725                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14029108                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14028821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8341122                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        21842093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10538486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12929676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2178425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3523                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       217203                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25487838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20203371     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2452081      9.62%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026374      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615920      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428536      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275808      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143620      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114841      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227287      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25487838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10538486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12929676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1958874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1189272                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1850484                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11656704                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       263124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       227287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           40368587                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30606865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                321301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3793341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10538486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12929676                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10538486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63401867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19474914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14133101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2300154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1882406                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227593                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       971468                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10311                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22195134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12855208                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2300154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1142995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2685163                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        619159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1205415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1359331                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26475113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23789950     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         125732      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         199980      0.76%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         269155      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         276244      1.04%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         233668      0.88%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         131384      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         194836      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1254164      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26475113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077520                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.433247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21970121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1433400                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2680097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         3113                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       388379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       378042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15777463                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       388379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22030538                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        205481                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1089547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2623528                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       137637                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15770978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        19738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        59405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     22010769                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     73363599                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     73363599                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     19082513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2928256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3858                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          413028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1479836                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       798936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       227684                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15749356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3870                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14963041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2233                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1734541                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4140293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26475113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20110922     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2644280      9.99%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1331676      5.03%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       980941      3.71%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       774027      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315444      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199691      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103944      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14188      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26475113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2707     10.81%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9131     36.47%     47.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13198     52.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12585266     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222548      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357049      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796302      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14963041                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.504285                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25036                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56428464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17487833                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14734310                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14988077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29679                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10322                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       388379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        173175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13379                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15753252                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1479836                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       798936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       259740                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14752958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210083                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2072252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2096531                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           796220                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.497205                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14734443                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14734310                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8458986                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22797433                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.496576                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371050                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11123811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13687935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2065328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3783                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       230213                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26086734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20443949     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2809824     10.77%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050107      4.03%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499613      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       439546      1.68%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       243301      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       201373      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96037      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       302984      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26086734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11123811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13687935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2028277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1239663                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1973863                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12332712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       281936                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       302984                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41536935                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          31894923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                338359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3196692                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11123811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13687935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11123811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.667414                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.667414                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.374895                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.374895                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       66400828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      20527947                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14622440                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3778                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2031204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111555                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4760                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21532899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12763018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2031204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       835708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2524015                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        341447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2803275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1237016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27092328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24568313     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          90087      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         184649      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          77660      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         418510      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         374295      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          71653      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         150836      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1156325      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27092328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21311410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      3027872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2514604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         8009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       178631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14964636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21339818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2808541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       122768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2497323                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        93445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14955561                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        48086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        31068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          447                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17562423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70428421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70428421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15540043                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2022368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          219706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3526936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1782191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        86269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14924907                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1749                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14330221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1180154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2848265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27092328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21950092     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1566948      5.78%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1271935      4.69%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       547417      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686689      2.53%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651470      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369777      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29616      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18384      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27092328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36189     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275870     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8100      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8990564     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125146      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3436147     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1777508     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14330221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.482958                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320159                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022342                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56081419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16107218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14206955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14650380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          411                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       230430                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2736778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14926677                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3526936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1782191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          411                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       126188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14230200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3424877                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5202202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1864348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1777325                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.479587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14207455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14206955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7675954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        15156391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.478803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11534854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13554955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1373351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       110244                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26861898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21929545     81.64%     81.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1812978      6.75%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845809      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832322      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230139      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952970      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72121      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52851      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133163      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26861898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11534854                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13554955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5156050                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3385881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1789740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12053671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       133163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41657002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30087079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                464315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2579477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11534854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13554955                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11534854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.572361                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.572361                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.388748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.388748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       70345658                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16499824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17811447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2574847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2144005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976456                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939167                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22394917                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14125183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2574847                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1215603                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2942843                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        657050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2015858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1392239                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27780562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24837719     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         180022      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         226759      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         362169      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         151472      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         194890      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         227355      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         104935      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1495241      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27780562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.476047                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22270444                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2160812                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2928790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       391521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     17265700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22293727                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         72285                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2024842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2906926                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        63729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     17158049                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        44273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     23963398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     79783343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     79783343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     20020778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3942591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          224392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       839758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9486                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       189925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16750786                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        16058808                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2051020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4193125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27780562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976783     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3102234     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268586      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712674      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962098      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297642      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291490      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156602      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12453      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27780562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110841     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15144     10.79%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14356     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13528557     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219443      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1986      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1471844      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836978      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     16058808                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541214                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140341                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60055358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18806063                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     16199149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12063                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         55319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16754943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       271699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2284253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2230650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           836852                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.531785                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15640177                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15640087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9369567                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        25174647                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372183                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11647585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14352489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2402488                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       237368                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27361517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21286117     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078788     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118511      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556760      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509646      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213781      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211769      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100864      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285281      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27361517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11647585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14352489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2128245                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1301222                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2080154                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12922116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       296388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       285281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43831135                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          33929032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                341788                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1891243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11647585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14352489                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11647585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.547464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.547464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392547                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392547                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70995020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      21855150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15966477                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2081076                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818659                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212777                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9136                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20199841                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11815593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2081076                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1031436                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2473410                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        600097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       998844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1244371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24061994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21588584     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         134287      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211229      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         335915      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         139678      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         155551      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         166692      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         109243      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1220815      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24061994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070136                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20006218                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1194449                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2465374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       389623                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340773                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14420155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       389623                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20037566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        267308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       831504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2440831                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        95157                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14409509                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        24791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        33971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9872                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20004185                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67022308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67022308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17029322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2974850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          273928                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       738563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22270                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       169166                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14389152                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3765                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13604715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4133980                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          441                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24061994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18321474     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2307366      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257685      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860684      3.58%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802552      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229045      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179894      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61222      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42072      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24061994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3187     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9597     38.27%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12293     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11395997     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215191      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1647      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258334      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733546      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13604715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458506                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25077                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51314357                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16234841                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13384815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13629792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248650                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24097                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       389623                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        176620                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12939                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14392948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9786                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       237590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13410608                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1916186                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1887025                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           733187                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.451965                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13385041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13384815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7824253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20431081                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382958                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12261077                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2131926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       209813                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23672371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18692164     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412862     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939980      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505647      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377670      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211056      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131148      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116286      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285558      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23672371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10003253                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12261077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1838405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1123939                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1760155                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11047984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       249070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       285558                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37779751                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29175665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                329875                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5609811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10003253                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12261077                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10003253                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.966216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.966216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60472296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18553963                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13454753                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2188238                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1795453                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216117                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904025                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20872029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12430985                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2188238                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1077125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2731840                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        614241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1913183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1287434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25911275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23179435     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         293330      1.13%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         341499      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         188684      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         218890      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         119375      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          82033      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         212288      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1275741      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25911275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20705196                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2083784                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2709717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        20600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       354028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15170361                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20736954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        701706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1290641                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2699290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        90706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15160239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        41718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21066987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70576291                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70576291                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17954026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3112887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3873                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          246560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1449549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       786850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       173694                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15132966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3877                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14287235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1909223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4437502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25911275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19888767     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2424618      9.36%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299174      5.01%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902151      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787533      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402892      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96293      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63310      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46537      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25911275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3667     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13228     43.01%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13864     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11960191     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223150      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321238      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780908      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14287235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.481509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54536562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17046234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14049306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14317994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          557                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       391976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        653496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15136870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1449549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2118                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121645                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       246691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14076261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1241164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2021839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1969545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           780675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14049659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14049306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8351767                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        21874732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10543905                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12936341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2200738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       217112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25519299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20232281     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2453178      9.61%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1027219      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       616096      2.41%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428353      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       276093      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143479      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115114      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227486      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25519299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10543905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12936341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1959909                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1189911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1851435                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11662726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       263264                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       227486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           40428827                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30666226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                321322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3760530                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10543905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12936341                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10543905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.814119                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.814119                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63493575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19500369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14159108                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2079396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205834                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852520                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817468                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9124                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191754                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11806486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2079396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1030453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2471294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        600662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       978660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1244002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206894                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24032027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21560733     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133354      0.55%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210769      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         335971      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         139964      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         155992      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         166555      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         108964      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1219725      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24032027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19997224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1175071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2463273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       390047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14410649                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       390047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20028544                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        231429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       851890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2438934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        91178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14400422                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         3177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        25008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5771                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19989553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66983506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66983506                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17007863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2981571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3730                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2082                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          273309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372262                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       737518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       168482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13591454                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1852005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4150968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24032027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18297762     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2305197      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256302      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       857748      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802849      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229091      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179999      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61068      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42011      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24032027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3216     12.88%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9460     37.89%     50.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12294     49.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11386534     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214931      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1645      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255742      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732602      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13591454                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51257374                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16235883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13370587                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13616424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249733                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23946                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       390047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        151791                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372262                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       237686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13395838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180924                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1913207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1884438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           732283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13370789                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13370587                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7817206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20424310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.450621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12245652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2138097                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       209966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23641980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18668321     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2409529     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938570      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505250      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376893      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211046      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131309      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115919      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285143      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23641980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9990686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12245652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1836079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1122513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1757926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11034102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       248759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       285143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37740521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29157670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                330017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5639435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12245652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.969912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.969912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60406509                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18533870                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13443505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2302598                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1883989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       971694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906186                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237896                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10284                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22201469                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12867386                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2302598                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1144082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2687535                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        618782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1158182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1359940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26436212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23748677     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         125657      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         199686      0.76%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         269829      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         276645      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         234492      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         131706      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         194311      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1255209      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26436212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433657                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       21976298                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1386345                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2682432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         3135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       387999                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       378843                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15791029                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       387999                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22036578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        199561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1048632                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2626034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       137405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15784418                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        19687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        59363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22029509                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     73423512                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     73423512                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19101807                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2927685                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          412039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1480145                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       800019                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       216297                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15763221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14978329                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1731452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4130485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26436212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20075976     75.94%     75.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2632920      9.96%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1330143      5.03%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       987028      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       776907      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315513      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199510      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103934      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14281      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26436212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2637     10.47%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9150     36.33%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13402     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12598116     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222952      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1358083      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       797301      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14978329                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504800                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25189                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56420445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17498626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14749840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15003518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10637                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       387999                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        167214                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13389                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15767135                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1480145                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800019                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11277                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127730                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       259846                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14768390                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277576                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2074800                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2099428                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           797224                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14749954                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14749840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8467709                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22817397                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.497100                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11135002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13701684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2065448                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3788                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       230213                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26048213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20408058     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2804021     10.76%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1052066      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500713      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       435099      1.67%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242979      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205122      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95871      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304284      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26048213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11135002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13701684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2030279                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1240897                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1975836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12345111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       282222                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       304284                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           41510983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          31922294                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                338469                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3235593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11135002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13701684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11135002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.664733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.664733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375272                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375272                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       66469020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      20549150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14636969                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096349904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150647452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104435447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158732995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104435447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158732995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935170.614316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941897.594021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936198.868215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942905.371642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936198.868215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942905.371642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805617759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856930107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813264302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864576650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813264302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864576650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847362.657505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854089.718087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848390.923402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855097.507463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848390.923402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855097.507463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3384                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.572878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        22.770619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.194832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.204675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   933.707451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1083.465920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.455912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.529036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4024                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4025                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3351                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3384                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57412365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3053605151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3111017516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8975675                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8975675                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57412365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3062580826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3119993191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57412365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3062580826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3119993191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              7394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               7409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              7409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.456992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.456742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.456742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739768.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 912613.613568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920691.777449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1795135                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1795135                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739768.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 913930.416592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921983.803487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739768.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 913930.416592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921983.803487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                516                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     516                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54514965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2759773011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2814287976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8536675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8536675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54514965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2768309686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822824651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54514965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2768309686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822824651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1651968.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824797.672146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832875.991714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1707335                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707335                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1651968.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 826114.498956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834168.041076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1651968.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 826114.498956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834168.041076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2038                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.552109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         180274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        44.119922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.732120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.571285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   856.362664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1120.886039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.418146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.547308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3840                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3841                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2036                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73439131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1698807345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1772246476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1813997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1813997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73439131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1700621342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1774060473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73439131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1700621342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1774060473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2039975.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850253.926426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871310.951819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 906998.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 906998.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2039975.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850310.671000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871346.008350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2039975.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 850310.671000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871346.008350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70278331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1523470745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593749076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1638397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1638397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70278331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1525109142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595387473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70278331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1525109142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595387473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1952175.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 762497.870370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783554.117994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 819198.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819198.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1952175.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 762554.571000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783589.132122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1952175.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 762554.571000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783589.132122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.552418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         180263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        44.214619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.778509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.617261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   854.474924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1122.681724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.417224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.548184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3834                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3835                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68005377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1721436598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1789441975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2437829                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437829                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68005377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1723874427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1791879804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68005377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1723874427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1791879804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1889038.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865478.430367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883675.049383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1218914.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218914.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1889038.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865833.464088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884005.823384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1889038.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865833.464088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884005.823384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64842076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1546849697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611691773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2262229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64842076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1549111926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613954002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64842076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1549111926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613954002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801168.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 777702.210659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795897.171852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1131114.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1131114.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801168.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 778057.220492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796227.924026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801168.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 778057.220492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796227.924026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.513142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         182352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.221929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.513142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.259567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   457.315051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1522.425383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.223298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.743372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3207                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795382179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     888944608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795382179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      888944608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93562429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    795382179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     888944608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.228240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.867585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.334694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.867585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.334694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2598956.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 842565.867585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 907086.334694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712480069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802878884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712480069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802878884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90398815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    712480069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802878884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.228240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754745.835805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819264.167347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754745.835805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819264.167347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2511078.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 754745.835805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819264.167347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2138                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.790932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         121243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        28.963927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.739997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.378713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   933.550942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1066.121279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.455835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.520567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3770                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3771                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2138                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1720237022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1720237022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1720237022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          978                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.460196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         182324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.252479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.460196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.724955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   456.862367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1523.412679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.014026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.223077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.743854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3188                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3190                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 978                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94900447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813093248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     907993695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94900447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813093248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      907993695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94900447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813093248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     907993695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              4151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               4168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              4168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.229405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2791189.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861327.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928418.911043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2791189.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861327.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928418.911043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2791189.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861327.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928418.911043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91915247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730186180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    822101427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91915247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730186180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    822101427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91915247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730186180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822101427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.229405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2703389.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773502.309322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840594.506135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2703389.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773502.309322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840594.506135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2703389.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773502.309322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840594.506135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2022                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.517281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         180279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        44.294595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.758243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.582945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   853.786017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1123.390078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.416888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.548530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3845                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3846                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2019                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1676070330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1739466026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2437824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1678508154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1741903850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1678508154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1741903850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 846072.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862402.590977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1218912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1218912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 846448.892587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862755.745419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 846448.892587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862755.745419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1502099124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1562333983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2262224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1504361348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564596207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1504361348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564596207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673190.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 758252.965169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774583.035697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1131112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673190.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 758629.020676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774936.209510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673190.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 758629.020676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774936.209510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2019                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.483185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         180259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         4067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        44.322351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.009134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.181635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   853.109145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1123.183272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.416557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.548429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3831                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3832                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2016                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1680734718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1755269581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2831225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2831225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1683565943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1758100806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74534863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1683565943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1758100806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.341274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850144.015175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871967.004968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 943741.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943741.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850285.829798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872073.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2070412.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850285.829798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872073.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71374063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1507134404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578508467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2567825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2567825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71374063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1509702229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581076292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71374063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1509702229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581076292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.341274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.340733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982612.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762334.043500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784157.211624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 855941.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855941.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982612.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762475.873232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784264.033730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982612.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762475.873232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784264.033730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1325                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.510865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         158735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        47.060480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.040263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.863704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   619.783639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1373.823258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.013117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.302629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.670812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3124                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3126                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1325                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71061682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1058700013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1129761695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71061682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1058700013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1129761695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71061682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1058700013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1129761695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              4433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               4451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              4451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.298895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.297686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.297686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1870044.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 822610.732712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852650.335849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1870044.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 822610.732712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852650.335849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1870044.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 822610.732712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852650.335849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                568                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     568                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67714389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    944053746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011768135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67714389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    944053746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011768135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67714389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    944053746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011768135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.292738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1781957.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 734100.891135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764175.328550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1781957.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 734100.891135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764175.328550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1781957.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 734100.891135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764175.328550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3588                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.896791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         154584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        27.427963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.028690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.050718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1198.296944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         829.520439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.585106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.405039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4806                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4807                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3588                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3369116639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3441680165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7605353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7605353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3376721992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3449285518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72563526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3376721992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3449285518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              8386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               8395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              8395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 949849.630392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960826.400056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1267558.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1267558.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950386.150296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961339.330546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2073243.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950386.150296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961339.330546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3057690039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127180565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7078553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7078553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064768592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134259118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69490526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064768592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134259118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.424790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.425051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862049.630392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873026.400056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1179758.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1179758.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862586.150296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873539.330546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985443.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 862586.150296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873539.330546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.511838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         182352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        60.221929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.511838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.256050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   457.021892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1522.722058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.223155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.743517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3207                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101710356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802272719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     903983075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101710356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802272719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      903983075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101710356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802272719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     903983075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.228240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2825287.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849865.168432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922431.709184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2825287.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849865.168432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922431.709184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2825287.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849865.168432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922431.709184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98548535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719362952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817911487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98548535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719362952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817911487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98548535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719362952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    817911487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.228240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737459.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762037.025424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834603.558163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737459.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762037.025424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834603.558163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737459.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762037.025424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834603.558163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3352                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.582635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         123717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        22.910556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.172827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.443682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   930.664918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1084.301208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.454426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.529444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4049                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4050                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3352                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80724131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3049704307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3130428438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6919369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6919369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80724131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3056623676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3137347807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80724131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3056623676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3137347807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2306403.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920804.440519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935293.826710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1383873.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1383873.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2306403.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 921502.464878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935962.949582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2306403.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 921502.464878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935962.949582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                510                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     510                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77650957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2758882379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836533336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6480369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77650957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2765362748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843013705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77650957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2765362748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843013705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218598.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 832995.887379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847485.311025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1296073.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296073.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218598.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833693.924631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848154.446599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218598.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833693.924631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848154.446599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2039                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.553812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         180275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        44.109371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.747153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.565755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   855.761606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1121.479298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.417852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.547597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3841                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3842                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1684532746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1751839440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2453687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2453687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1686986433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1754293127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67306694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1686986433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1754293127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 842687.716858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860854.761671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1226843.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1226843.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843071.680660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861214.102602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1869630.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843071.680660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861214.102602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1142                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1509074713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573220607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2278087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2278087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1511352800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575498694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64145894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1511352800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575498694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.343176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 754914.813907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773081.379361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1139043.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1139043.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755298.750625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773440.694158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1781830.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755298.750625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773440.694158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3392                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.575240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         123685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.736213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.167302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.503168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   938.130005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1076.774764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.458071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.525769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4019                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4020                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3393                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76649353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3132250592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3208899945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6817033                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6817033                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76649353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3139067625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3215716978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76649353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3139067625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3215716978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189981.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934163.612288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947136.937721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1363406.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1363406.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189981.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934802.747171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947750.361922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189981.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934802.747171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947750.361922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73576141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2837861753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911437894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6378033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6378033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73576141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2844239786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917815927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73576141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2844239786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917815927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2102175.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846364.972562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859338.221370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1275606.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1275606.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2102175.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847004.105420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859951.643678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2102175.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847004.105420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859951.643678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.551754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         158743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        46.979284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.042572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.463399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   622.436355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1369.609428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.013898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.303924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.668755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3131                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3133                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76384413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1075808397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1152192810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76384413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1075808397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1152192810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76384413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1075808397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1152192810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1909610.325000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 833314.017816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865659.511645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1909610.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 833314.017816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865659.511645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1909610.325000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 833314.017816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865659.511645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72871597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    962374486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1035246083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72871597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    962374486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1035246083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72871597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    962374486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1035246083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1821789.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 746026.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778380.513534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1821789.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 746026.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778380.513534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1821789.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 746026.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778380.513534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585130678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585130678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660919350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660919350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660919350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660919350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447002.534520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447002.534520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448729.047718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448729.047718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448729.047718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448729.047718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386918864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386918864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395767085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395767085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395767085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395767085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463200.063457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463200.063457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463396.163346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463396.163346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463396.163346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463396.163346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.433003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001252443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1910787.104962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.433003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1244394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1244394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1244394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1244394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1244394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77721354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77721354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77721354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77721354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     77721354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77721354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1244442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1244442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1244442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619194.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619194.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619194.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1619194.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619194.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1619194.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57752402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57752402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57752402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57752402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57752402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57752402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1698600.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698600.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1698600.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698600.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1698600.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698600.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7375                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166553392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             21825.893330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.955579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.044421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.890451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.109549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       860770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       711408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1572178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1572178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8507429961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8507429961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     88247942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88247942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8595677903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8595677903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8595677903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8595677903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       880012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       711507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1591519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1591519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442128.155129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442128.155129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 891393.353535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891393.353535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 444427.790859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444427.790859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 444427.790859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444427.790859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3345316630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3345316630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9658175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9658175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3354974805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3354974805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3354974805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3354974805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454526.716033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454526.716033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 643878.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 643878.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454911.837966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454911.837966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454911.837966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454911.837966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.454728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              996849706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1920712.342967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.454728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.048806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1287260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1287260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1287260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1287260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1287260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97971264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97971264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97971264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97971264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97971264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97971264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1287311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1287311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1287311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921005.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1921005.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921005.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1921005.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921005.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1921005.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73821042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73821042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73821042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73821042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73821042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73821042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1995163.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995163.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1995163.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995163.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1995163.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995163.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              157769991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             25885.150287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.849994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.150006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.886133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.113867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       906054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        906054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       765547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1671601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1671601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1671601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1671601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8354786720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8354786720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    470374708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    470374708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8825161428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8825161428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8825161428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8825161428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       926222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       926222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       766226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1692448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1692448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1692448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1692448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 414259.555732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414259.555732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 692746.256259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 692746.256259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 423330.044035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423330.044035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 423330.044035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423330.044035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5883224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 588322.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1966994657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966994657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2816571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2816571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1969811228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1969811228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1969811228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1969811228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337797.468144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337797.468144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165680.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165680.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337296.443151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337296.443151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337296.443151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337296.443151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              512.434058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              996846787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1920706.718690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.434058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1284341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1284341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1284341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1284341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1284341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1284341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92086872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92086872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92086872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92086872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92086872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92086872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1284389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1284389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1284389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1284389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1284389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1284389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1918476.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1918476.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1918476.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1918476.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1918476.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1918476.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68410832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68410832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68410832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68410832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68410832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68410832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1848941.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848941.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1848941.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848941.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1848941.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848941.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              157766095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             25948.370888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.844051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.155949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.886110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.113890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       903954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        903954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       763761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       763761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1667715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1667715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1667715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1667715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8356490829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8356490829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    511956790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    511956790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8868447619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8868447619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8868447619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8868447619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       924063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       764440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       764440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1688503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1688503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1688503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1688503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 415559.740862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415559.740862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753986.435935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 753986.435935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426613.797335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426613.797335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426613.797335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426613.797335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5867275                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 586727.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1989137142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1989137142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3429782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3429782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1992566924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1992566924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1992566924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1992566924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342482.290289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342482.290289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 201751.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201751.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342071.574936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342071.574936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342071.574936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342071.574936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.494130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              998755447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2025873.117647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.494130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1392927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1392927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1392927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144099928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144099928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1392977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2881998.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682578.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93995957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93995957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2473577.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148299771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33650.957794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   218.588173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    37.411827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.853860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.146140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1108955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       823367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1932322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1932322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1932322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1932322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2404989796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2404989796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4789640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4789640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409779436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2409779436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2409779436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2409779436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1119689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       823422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1943111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1943111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1943111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1943111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 224053.455934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224053.455934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87084.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87084.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223355.216980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223355.216980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223355.216980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223355.216980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1011455374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011455374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1014923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1012470297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1012470297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1012470297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1012470297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 244549.171663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244549.171663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67661.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67661.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 243909.972778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243909.972778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 243909.972778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243909.972778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              553.456500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              915118993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1639998.195341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.395238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.061262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1300446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1300446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204392161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33321.186991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   185.708288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    70.291712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.725423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.274577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1934022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1934022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       354089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2288111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2288111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2288111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2288111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9433880914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9433880914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3147193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3147193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9437028107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9437028107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9437028107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9437028107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1954853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1954853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       354126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2308979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2308979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2308979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2308979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452877.006097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452877.006097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85059.270270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85059.270270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934135315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934135315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934712215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934712215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934712215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934712215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329551.084512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329551.084512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              486.952222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998753878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2034121.951120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.952222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1391358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1391358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1391358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147982739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147982739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147982739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147982739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147982739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147982739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3082973.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3082973.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3082973.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3082973.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3082973.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3082973.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2103822                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701274                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95330358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95330358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95330358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95330358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95330358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95330358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2648065.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648065.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2648065.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648065.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2648065.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648065.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148298315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             33796.334321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   218.552504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    37.447496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.853721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.146279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1108604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       822285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1930889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1930889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1930889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1930889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        10741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2447313964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2447313964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7200603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7200603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454514567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2454514567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454514567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2454514567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1119241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1941630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1941630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1941630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1941630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 230075.581837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230075.581837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69236.567308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69236.567308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 228518.254073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228518.254073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 228518.254073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228518.254073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1027715372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027715372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1200694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1200694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1028916066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028916066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1028916066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028916066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249748.571567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249748.571567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 70629.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70629.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249011.632623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249011.632623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249011.632623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249011.632623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.439555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              996849124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1920711.221580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.439555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1286678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1286678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1286678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1286726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1286726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1286726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              157769136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             25931.810651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.832026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.167974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.886063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.113937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       905412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        905412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       765341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1670753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1670753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1670753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1670753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8300519179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8300519179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    506804150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    506804150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8807323329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8807323329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8807323329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8807323329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       925545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       925545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       766020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1691565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1691565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1691565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1691565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 412284.268564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412284.268564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 746397.864507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 746397.864507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 423184.861090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423184.861090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 423184.861090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423184.861090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3869813                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 386981.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1944525525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1944525525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3431847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3431847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1947957372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947957372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1947957372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947957372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334628.381518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334628.381518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 201873.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201873.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334241.141386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334241.141386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334241.141386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334241.141386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.684321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              996849480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1920711.907514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.684321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1287034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1287034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1287034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100867939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100867939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1287084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2017358.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74900386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74900386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024334.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              157767954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             26004.277897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.836916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.163084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       904362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        904362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       765155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1669517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1669517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1669517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1669517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        20646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        20646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8272628012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8272628012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    494881515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    494881515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8767509527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8767509527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8767509527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8767509527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       924325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       765838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1760                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1690163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1690163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1690163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1690163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 414398.036968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414398.036968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 724570.300146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 724570.300146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424658.990943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424658.990943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424658.990943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424658.990943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6477173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 647717.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1948201048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1948201048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3817625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3817625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1952018673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952018673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1952018673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952018673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336302.614880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336302.614880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 212090.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212090.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335917.858028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335917.858028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335917.858028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335917.858028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              507.319533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              995622375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1933247.330097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.319533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1359273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1359273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1359273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1359273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1359273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1359273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89772068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89772068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89772068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89772068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89772068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89772068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1359330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1359330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1359330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1359330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1359330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1359330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1574948.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1574948.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1574948.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1574948.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1574948.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1574948.561404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       322616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       322616                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1788175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1788175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1788175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1788175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1788175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1788175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151946199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             32557.574245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   223.727820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    32.272180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.873937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.126063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       934583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        934583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       784886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1719469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1719469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1719469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1719469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        14166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        14166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4628996002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4628996002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8574382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8574382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4637570384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4637570384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4637570384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4637570384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       948645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       948645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       784990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1733635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1733635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1733635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1733635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.014823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 329184.753378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329184.753378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82445.980769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82445.980769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327373.315262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327373.315262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327373.315262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327373.315262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1271777953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1271777953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1186460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1272964413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272964413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1272964413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272964413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 289501.013658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289501.013658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65914.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65914.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 288588.622308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288588.622308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 288588.622308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288588.622308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              569.467921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1026178289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1772328.651123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.057774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.410146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.044964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1236963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1236963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1236963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97498326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97498326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1237015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1874967.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72919570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72919570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025543.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              404539438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             46957.566802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.131664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.868336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.434108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.565892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3231275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3231275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1768385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1768385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4999660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4999660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4999660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4999660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        30487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        30487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14211776516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14211776516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     26274114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26274114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14238050630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14238050630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14238050630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14238050630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3261732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3261732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1768415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1768415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5030147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5030147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      5030147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5030147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 466617.740290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466617.740290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 875803.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 875803.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467020.390002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3726731598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3726731598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7847453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7847453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3734579051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734579051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3734579051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3734579051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446315.161437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446315.161437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871939.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871939.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446773.423974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.486920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998754703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2025871.608519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.486920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.052062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1392183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1392183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158381744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158381744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158381744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158381744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158381744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158381744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932995.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2932995.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932995.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2932995.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932995.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2932995.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3370962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1123654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102138748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102138748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102138748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102138748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102138748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102138748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687861.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687861.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687861.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687861.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687861.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687861.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148298736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             33650.722941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   218.569986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    37.430014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.853789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.146211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1108359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       822928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1931287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1931287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2419501544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2419501544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4787210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4787210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2424288754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2424288754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2424288754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2424288754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1119093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       822983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1942076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1942076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225405.398174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225405.398174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87040.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87040.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224700.042080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224700.042080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224700.042080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224700.042080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1018337971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1018337971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1014723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1019352694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019352694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1019352694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019352694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 246213.242505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246213.242505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67648.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67648.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245567.982173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245567.982173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245567.982173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245567.982173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              522.147133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001252357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1903521.591255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.147133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1244308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1244308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143991835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143991835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143991835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143991835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143991835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143991835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285584.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285584.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285584.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285584.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285584.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285584.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81093666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81093666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81093666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81093666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81093666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81093666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252601.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252601.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252601.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252601.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252601.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252601.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166552346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             21851.527945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.184727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.815273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.891347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.108653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       860097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       711020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2066                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2066                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1571117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1571117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8560083452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8560083452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     65397244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65397244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8625480696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8625480696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8625480696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8625480696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       879452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       711113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1590565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1590565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442267.292793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442267.292793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 703196.172043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 703196.172043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443515.050185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443515.050185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443515.050185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443515.050185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3342872615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3342872615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7601869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7601869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3350474484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350474484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3350474484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350474484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454750.729833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454750.729833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 506791.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 506791.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454856.704317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454856.704317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454856.704317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454856.704317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.444437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              996849832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1920712.585742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.444437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1287386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1287386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1287386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91322843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91322843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1287434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1902559.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67689551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67689551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829447.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              157769993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             25876.659505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.850195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.149805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.886134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.113866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       906047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        906047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       765556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1671603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1671603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1671603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1671603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        20855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        20855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8230013886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8230013886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    516741810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    516741810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8746755696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8746755696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8746755696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8746755696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       926223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       926223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       766235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1692458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1692458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1692458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1692458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 407911.076824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407911.076824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761033.593520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 761033.593520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 419408.088995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419408.088995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 419408.088995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419408.088995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6507717                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 650771.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1952835584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1952835584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3446744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3446744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1956282328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956282328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1956282328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956282328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335250.744034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335250.744034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 202749.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202749.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334865.170832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334865.170832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334865.170832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334865.170832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              521.364040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001251995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1903520.903042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.364040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1243946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1243946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122929405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122929405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122929405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122929405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122929405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122929405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2195167.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2195167.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2195167.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2195167.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2195167.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2195167.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77010481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77010481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77010481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77010481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77010481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77010481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2139180.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139180.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2139180.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139180.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2139180.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139180.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166549700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21822.549790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.125522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.874478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       858376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       710124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1568500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1568500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1568500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1568500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8572237434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8572237434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64747543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64747543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8636984977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8636984977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8636984977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8636984977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       877653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1587871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1587871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1587871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1587871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444687.318255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444687.318255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 688803.648936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688803.648936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445871.920758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445871.920758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445871.920758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445871.920758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3423730482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3423730482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7501873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7501873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3431232355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431232355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3431232355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431232355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465054.398533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465054.398533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 500124.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500124.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465125.708960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465125.708960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465125.708960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465125.708960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              508.829625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              995622984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1925769.794971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.829625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1359882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1359882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1359882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1359882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1359882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1359882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94194863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94194863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94194863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94194863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94194863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94194863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1359939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1359939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1359939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1359939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1359939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1359939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1652541.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1652541.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1652541.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1652541.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1652541.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1652541.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323595                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323595                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76863088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76863088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76863088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76863088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76863088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76863088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1830073.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830073.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1830073.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830073.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1830073.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830073.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              151947005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             32481.189611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.808239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.191761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.874251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.125749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       934610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        934610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       785649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1720259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1720259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1720259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1720259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        14147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        14147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        14147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4730433783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4730433783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8790020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8790020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4739223803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4739223803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4739223803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4739223803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       948651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       948651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       785755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1734406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1734406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1734406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1734406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336901.487287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336901.487287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82924.716981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82924.716981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334998.501661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334998.501661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334998.501661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334998.501661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1289332896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1289332896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1185367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1290518263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290518263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1290518263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290518263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 292764.054496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292764.054496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65853.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65853.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291840.403211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291840.403211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 291840.403211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291840.403211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
