
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000963                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   963301692                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391062615429                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 392908                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   518535                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33335                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28897.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11354206670                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984565279                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        15744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        11392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        38784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        18560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        65920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               395648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       144512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            144512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1860269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39331396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1860269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16343789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3189032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     12224623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1860269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17008171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3321908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22854730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3189032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22456101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1727392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19798574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1860269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16742418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3853414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     11825994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1860269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40261530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1860269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16078037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1727392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19267069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1727392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19798574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1727392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     68431313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3587661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     11958870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1727392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19399945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               410720757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1860269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1860269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3189032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1860269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3321908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3189032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1727392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1860269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3853414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1860269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1860269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1727392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1727392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1727392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3587661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1727392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36939622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         150017384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              150017384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         150017384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1860269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39331396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1860269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16343789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3189032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     12224623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1860269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17008171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3321908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22854730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3189032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22456101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1727392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19798574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1860269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16742418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3853414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     11825994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1860269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40261530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1860269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16078037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1727392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19267069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1727392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19798574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1727392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     68431313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3587661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     11958870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1727392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19399945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              560738141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180390                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162371                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70159                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62665                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          515                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1894691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1130457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180390                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72512                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223021                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         35702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        42726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110509                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2184666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1961645     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7883      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16428      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6840      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36080      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32668      1.50%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6272      0.29%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13326      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103524      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2184666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.078088                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1883616                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        54190                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222087                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16025                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1325170                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1886099                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         35733                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        11864                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6454                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1323583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          150                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1563758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6226959                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6226959                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         214781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          159                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           18032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7464                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319167                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256354                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          914                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124423                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       303359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2184666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737794     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133880      6.13%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109888      5.03%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47797      2.19%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60371      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57768      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32775      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2811      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1582      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2184666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3150     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24460     86.31%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          731      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792729     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11012      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298477     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154061     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256354                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.543858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28341                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022558                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4726628                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1443798                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2311                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15750                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         32380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1319325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7044                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12853                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297329                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163117                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.539406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1243581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673272                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1331834                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.538279                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505522                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       143887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11256                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2160617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1733426     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156488      7.24%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73071      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72197      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19523      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83790      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6560      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4561      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11001      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2160617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11001                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3469061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2662949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42971                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                125411                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.310077                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.310077                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.432886                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.432886                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6149798                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1450756                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1567866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         190531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156056                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20115                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76993                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73008                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19219                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          910                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1822707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1066991                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            190531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        92227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              221515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         56134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        40820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          112947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19979                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2120828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1899313     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10144      0.48%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16093      0.76%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          21582      1.02%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22859      1.08%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          19295      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          10148      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          16041      0.76%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         105353      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2120828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461885                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1803990                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        59938                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          220916                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        35619                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31078                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1308113                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        35619                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1809418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         13073                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        35160                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          215837                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        11719                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1306373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1824231                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6074676                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6074676                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1547734                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         276497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           37006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       122944                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        65132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          756                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1303203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226009                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          248                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163445                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       402089                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2120828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1603813     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211428      9.97%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107561      5.07%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81858      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64112      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25791      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16568      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8502      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1195      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2120828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           300     13.61%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          790     35.84%     49.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1114     50.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1031740     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18270      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110975      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64872      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226009                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530722                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2204                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4575298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466959                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2471                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1167                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        35619                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         10345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303507                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       122944                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10930                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11946                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        22876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1207514                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             169022                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            64858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522716                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1205730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1205664                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          693149                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1869533                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521915                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       902364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110456                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193056                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20176                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2085209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1630126     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225372     10.81%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85293      4.09%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40522      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33896      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19808      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17762      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7704      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24726      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2085209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       902364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1110456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               164515                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              100550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           160199                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1000459                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24726                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3363995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2642647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 29365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                189249                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            902364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1110456                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       902364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.560028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.560028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390621                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390621                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5432582                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1681379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1210958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         209853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79855                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74575                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          958                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1815210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1150730                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            209853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        96668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              238749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         58760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        53382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          114298                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19721                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2145184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1906435     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          14330      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17913      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          28997      1.35%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12179      0.57%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          15903      0.74%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          18190      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8662      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         122575      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2145184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090842                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.498135                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1804658                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        65239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237496                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1405796                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1807008                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          5541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        54209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1396176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1949336                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6488743                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6488743                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1596083                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         353236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           20663                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       132305                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        67555                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          804                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1360218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1293991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1711                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       185272                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2145184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1598699     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248010     11.56%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101635      4.74%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57534      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77917      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24327      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23651      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12388      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1023      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2145184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9005     78.63%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1278     11.16%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1169     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1089992     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17553      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119133      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67155      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1293991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.560151                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4746326                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257936                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1040                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28441                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1539                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1360551                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132305                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67555                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11437                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        23517                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1269847                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116673                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             183791                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         178954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            67118                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.549699                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1257973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1257936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          753704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2025917                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.544543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372031                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       928644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1144465                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623108     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245728     11.66%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89025      4.22%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44170      2.10%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40528      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17294      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16957      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8123      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22624      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       928644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1144465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               169880                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              103864                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           165920                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1030371                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23647                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        22624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3445466                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2758734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 29393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                164893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            928644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1144465                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       928644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.487581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.487581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.401997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.401997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5712165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1759009                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1298406                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         190205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20249                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76708                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72818                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19220                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1821797                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1064731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            190205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        92038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              221020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         56395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        41805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          113039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2120535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1899515     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10107      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16063      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          21476      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          22720      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          19428      0.92%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          10083      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          16085      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         105058      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2120535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1802978                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        61022                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          220456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        35746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31060                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1305357                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        35746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1808408                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13523                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        35766                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          215356                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        11734                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1303797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1820774                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6061854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6061854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1543537                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         277203                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           37172                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       122823                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        64947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1300803                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1223935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163665                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400385                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2120535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1604223     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211386      9.97%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107640      5.08%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81337      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        63914      3.01%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25647      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16601      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8535      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1252      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2120535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          800     36.60%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1108     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030174     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18179      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110760      9.05%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64670      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1223935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.529824                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4570845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464779                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1203109                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1226121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22544                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        35746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1301107                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       122823                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        64947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10929                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        22983                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1205025                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       103924                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             168581                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         170803                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            64657                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.521638                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1203177                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1203109                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          691995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1866208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.520809                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       899952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1107476                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193613                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20310                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2084789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1630762     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225098     10.80%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84922      4.07%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40383      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33747      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19763      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17822      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7686      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24606      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2084789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       899952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1107476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               164087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              100276                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           159754                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          997801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22820                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24606                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3361272                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2637955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 29468                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                189542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            899952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1107476                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       899952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.566889                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.566889                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.389577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.389577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5421112                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1678197                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1208274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         186290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76356                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70978                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          903                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1786781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1062388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            186290                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        89808                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              232652                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         57704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        59114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          111707                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2115717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1883065     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          24670      1.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          29323      1.39%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          15758      0.74%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          17580      0.83%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          10512      0.50%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6886      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17934      0.85%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         109989      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2115717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.459893                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1771598                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        74909                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          230502                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        36771                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        30005                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1295536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2066                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        36771                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1774913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14828                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        51585                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          229179                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8438                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1293647                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1801220                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6020492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6020492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1508427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         292733                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           24084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       123842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        66446                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1686                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14071                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1210996                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176741                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       411695                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2115717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1605605     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205236      9.70%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110119      5.20%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76518      3.62%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66739      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33572      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8402      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5468      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4058      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2115717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           321     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1110     42.30%     54.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1193     45.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1014667     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18712      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111732      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65739      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1210996                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.524223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2624                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4541761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467213                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1188932                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3202                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23770                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        36771                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10627                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1133                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66446                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          759                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        22808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1191304                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104874                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             170579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         166286                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            65705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.515699                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1189032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1188932                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          707781                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1852494                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.514672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       885697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1086850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203523                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2078946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1634789     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206240      9.92%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86282      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51673      2.49%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35700      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23245      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12262      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9610      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19145      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2078946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       885697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1086850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               164749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              100058                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           155616                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          979789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        22119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        19145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3350161                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2617598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 29535                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                194360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            885697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1086850                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       885697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.608202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.608202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.383406                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.383406                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5373089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1653552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1208207                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         186354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152825                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20235                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76383                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18833                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1787709                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1063037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            186354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        89832                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              232754                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         57714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        59055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          111759                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2116691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1883937     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          24676      1.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          29325      1.39%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          15762      0.74%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          17588      0.83%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          10516      0.50%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6893      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17937      0.85%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         110057      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2116691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080670                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1772503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        74872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          230605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        36773                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        30018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1296217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        36773                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1775818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14793                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        51557                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          229286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8461                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1294342                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1802233                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6023789                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6023789                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1509503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         292686                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           24101                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       123898                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        66491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290799                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1211784                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1432                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176694                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       411543                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2116691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606201     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205434      9.71%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110180      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76569      3.62%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66779      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33589      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8410      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5470      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4059      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2116691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1116     42.37%     54.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1195     45.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1015285     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18745      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111803      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65805      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1211784                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.524564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2634                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4544324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1189723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1214418                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1731                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        36773                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10581                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1291149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123898                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          762                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11109                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        22814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1192082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104940                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             170712                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         166352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            65772                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.516036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1189821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1189723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          708331                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1853625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.515014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382133                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       886446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1087647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2079918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1635431     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206421      9.92%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86327      4.15%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51699      2.49%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35736      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23250      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12267      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9617      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19170      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2079918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       886446                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1087647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               164902                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              100142                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           155682                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          980534                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22126                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        19170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3351875                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2619079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 29553                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                193386                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            886446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1087647                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       886446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.605999                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.605999                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.383730                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.383730                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5376816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1654630                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1209004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         174651                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117985                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9544                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          460                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1852991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               996677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            174651                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       124145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              220882                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         50992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        21586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          113400                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14896                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2130997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.762756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1910115     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          34499      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16276      0.76%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          33819      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9308      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          31665      1.49%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           4584      0.22%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           7792      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          82939      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2130997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431448                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1841071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        34190                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          220308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          225                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        35197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        15469                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          341                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1105277                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        35197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1842806                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         18794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        10651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          218648                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         4895                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1102840                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1437747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      4984476                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      4984476                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1132231                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         305516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           13110                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       207390                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        29819                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          325                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         6322                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1095491                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1013886                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2130997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1689495     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       131860      6.19%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153709      7.21%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87187      4.09%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44371      2.08%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11557      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12228      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          310      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          280      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2130997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1663     57.38%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          678     23.40%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          557     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       789780     77.90%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7339      0.72%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187316     18.48%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29384      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1013886                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.438897                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2898                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4162575                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1315944                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       985666                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1016784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          816                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        35197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         13970                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1095627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207390                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29819                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          333                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9434                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6734                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        16168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1000404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             214068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         152323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            29376                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.433061                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               986107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              985666                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          598200                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1270027                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.426681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.471014                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       782642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       873228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222454                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        15106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2095800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1774460     84.67%     84.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       123616      5.90%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81729      3.90%     94.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25246      1.20%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44254      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7880      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5172      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4576      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28867      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2095800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       782642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       873228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               190275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              161668                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           134607                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          760921                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        10209                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        28867                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3162615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2226570                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 43517                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                179080                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            782642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              873228                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       782642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.951639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.951639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338795                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338795                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4660815                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1277856                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1184748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         190148                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155700                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20248                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72792                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1821317                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1064416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            190148                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        92008                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              220956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         56392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        41768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          113014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2119952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1898996     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          10105      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16058      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          21471      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          22711      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          19420      0.92%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          10082      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          16082      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         105027      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2119952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460771                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1802512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        60971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          220396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31050                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1304979                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1807936                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        35590                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          215292                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        11720                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1303420                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1820272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6060108                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6060108                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1543069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         277192                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           37143                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       122789                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        64921                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1300414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1223577                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400335                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2119952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1603796     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211311      9.97%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107616      5.08%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81320      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        63889      3.01%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25642      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16591      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8534      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1253      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2119952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          800     36.60%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1108     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1029877     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18175      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110729      9.05%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64644      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1223577                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4569550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464378                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1202756                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1225763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22544                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        35744                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         11005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1300718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       122789                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        64921                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        22981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1204671                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       103893                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             168524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         170749                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            64631                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521485                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1202824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1202756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          691798                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1865650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520656                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       899663                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1107129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193599                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20309                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2084208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1630330     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225022     10.80%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84886      4.07%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40374      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33740      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19760      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17815      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7685      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24596      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2084208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       899663                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1107129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               164030                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              100245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           159703                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          997494                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        22816                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3360340                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2637203                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 29474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                190125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            899663                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1107129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       899663                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.567714                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.567714                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5419552                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1677722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1207912                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         210389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79523                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74428                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1815123                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1153640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            210389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        96531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              239106                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         58767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        52745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          114301                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2144852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.661475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.042765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1905746     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          14313      0.67%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17985      0.84%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          28910      1.35%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12244      0.57%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          15812      0.74%     93.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          18227      0.85%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8565      0.40%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         123050      5.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2144852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.091074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.499395                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1804415                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        64774                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37659                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31692                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1408719                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1306                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37659                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1806844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          5614                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        53525                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          235558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         5651                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1398678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1953374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6499623                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6499623                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1598611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         354752                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           21386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       132251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        67635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          818                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14969                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1362790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          347                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1296401                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       185901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2144852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1597609     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248292     11.58%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101746      4.74%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57636      2.69%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77801      3.63%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24529      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23817      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12418      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2144852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9054     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1271     11.06%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1169     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092110     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17588      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119295      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67250      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1296401                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.561194                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4750826                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549059                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28213                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1517                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37659                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4240                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1363138                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          464                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11403                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12221                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23624                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1271995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             183939                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         179273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            67206                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.550629                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1260175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1260128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          755160                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2028818                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545492                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372217                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146309                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216828                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20655                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1621848     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246218     11.68%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89141      4.23%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44347      2.10%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40607      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17285      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16988      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8085      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22674      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       930126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1146309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               170147                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              104029                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           166189                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1032050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23696                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        22674                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3447643                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2763948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 29277                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                165225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            930126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1146309                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       930126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.483617                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.483617                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.402639                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.402639                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5721748                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1762536                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1301486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         180911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70582                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9896                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          505                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1893388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1132962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            180911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        72685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              223453                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         35901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        44537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          110435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2185829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1962376     89.78%     89.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           7890      0.36%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16599      0.76%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           6761      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          36138      1.65%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          32548      1.49%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6329      0.29%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          13349      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         103839      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2185829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.078314                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.490443                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1882208                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        56093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          222504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        24272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        16081                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1328029                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1073                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        24272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1884757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         37618                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        11793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          220805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6576                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1326296                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         2577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           97                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1567309                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6239491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6239491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1350242                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         217062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           18435                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       308593                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       154783                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1456                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7532                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321688                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257760                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       126295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       308492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2185829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738555     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133838      6.12%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110104      5.04%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47837      2.19%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60481      2.77%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57779      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32846      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2804      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1585      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2185829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3200     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24441     86.17%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          724      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793857     63.12%     63.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11023      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298678     23.75%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154127     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257760                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.544467                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28365                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022552                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4730695                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1448194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1244990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1286125                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2287                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15809                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1647                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        24272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         34106                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321849                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308593                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154783                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1178                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7058                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        12803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247678                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297520                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             451603                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         163256                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           154083                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.540102                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1245113                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1244990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          674184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1334487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.538939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000738                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176480                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145544                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        11233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2161557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366130                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1734179     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156524      7.24%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73029      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72206      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19592      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83877      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6534      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4605      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11011      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2161557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1000738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1176480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               445920                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              292784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           155503                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1046225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11483                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        11011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3472570                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2668332                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 42826                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                124248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1000738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1176480                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1000738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.308373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.308373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.433205                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.433205                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6157299                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1452540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1570536                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         190805                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156218                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20067                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77283                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73215                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19235                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1824032                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1068310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            190805                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        92450                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              221895                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         55987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          113000                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19918                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2122914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1901019     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10248      0.48%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16122      0.76%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          21634      1.02%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          22778      1.07%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          19371      0.91%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          10325      0.49%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          15949      0.75%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         105468      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2122914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.462456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1805322                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        60421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          221292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        35520                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        31191                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1309770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        35520                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1810757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        35551                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          216198                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        11711                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1308000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1826026                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6082666                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6082666                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1549718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         276293                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           36932                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       123139                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        65207                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14521                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1304757                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1227509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          252                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401803                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2122914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1605322     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211624      9.97%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107609      5.07%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81993      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64224      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25943      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16520      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8475      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1204      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2122914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     13.50%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     36.20%     49.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1110     50.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1033135     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18300      1.49%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110983      9.04%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64939      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1227509                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531371                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2207                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4580390                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1207290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1229716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2534                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22457                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        35520                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10437                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1305061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123139                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65207                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10831                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11906                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        22737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1209135                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104319                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             169244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         171438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            64925                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523418                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1207356                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1207290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          694193                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1872803                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522619                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370671                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       903516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        20128                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2087394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1631705     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225737     10.81%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85351      4.09%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40541      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33987      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19818      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17777      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7710      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24768      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2087394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       903516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1111876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               164722                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              100679                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           160410                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1001723                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3367683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2645647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 29324                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                187163                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            903516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1111876                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       903516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.556764                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.556764                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391119                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391119                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5440083                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1683198                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1212468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         174677                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156646                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117748                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114561                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          457                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1853710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts               997804                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            174677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       124185                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              221136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         50879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        21217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          113360                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14805                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2131581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1910445     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          34529      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16311      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          33859      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4           9227      0.43%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          31734      1.49%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           4475      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           7884      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          83117      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2131581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075615                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431935                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1841486                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        34129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          220547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        35183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        15499                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1107005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1493                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        35183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1843239                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         18776                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        10462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          218846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         5069                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1104609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1439768                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      4993628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      4993628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1134466                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         305302                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           13434                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       207694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        29856                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         6345                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1097477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1015836                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          864                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2131581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1689315     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132216      6.20%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153821      7.22%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87084      4.09%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44624      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11737      0.55%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12205      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          317      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          262      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2131581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1655     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          677     23.43%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          557     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791464     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7345      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187491     18.46%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29469      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1015836                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.439741                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2889                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4167006                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1318131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       987613                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1018725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45867                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1153                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        35183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         13798                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1097614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29856                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9356                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        16046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1002179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184681                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13657                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             214146                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         152503                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            29465                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.433829                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent               988038                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count              987613                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          599666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1275832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.427524                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.470020                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       783957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       874851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        15020                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2096398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1774307     84.64%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       123981      5.91%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81829      3.90%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25426      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44288      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7941      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5183      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4565      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28878      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2096398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       783957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       874851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               190530                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              161827                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           134856                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          762355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        10233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        28878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3165176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2230511                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 43453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                178496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            783957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              874851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       783957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.946688                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.946688                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.339364                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.339364                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4669027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1280184                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1186077                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         174626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117908                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114557                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9556                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          461                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1853367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts               996736                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            174626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       124113                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              220871                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         51339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        21009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          113512                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2131018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.762723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1910147     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          34404      1.61%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16277      0.76%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          33812      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4           9434      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          31629      1.48%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           4598      0.22%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           7833      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          82884      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2131018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075593                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431473                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1841519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        33542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          220293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          226                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        35432                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        15435                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1105449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        35432                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1843246                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         18424                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        10377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          218647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         4886                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1103075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1438133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      4985933                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      4985933                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1130472                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         307635                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          132                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           66                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           12977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       207462                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        29760                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          315                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         6325                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1095603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          132                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1013471                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       472114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2131018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1689772     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       131761      6.18%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153578      7.21%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87194      4.09%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44298      2.08%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11579      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12244      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          315      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          277      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2131018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1693     57.98%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          676     23.15%     81.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          551     18.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       789366     77.89%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7337      0.72%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           66      0.01%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187362     18.49%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29340      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1013471                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.438717                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4161821                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1317238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       984999                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1016391                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          814                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45921                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1210                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        35432                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         13646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1095735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207462                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29760                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           66                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9552                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        16333                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts       999865                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             214049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         152142                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            29331                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.432828                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent               985446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count              984999                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          597800                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1270099                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.426392                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.470672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       781549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       872021                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          132                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        15222                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2095586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1774706     84.69%     84.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       123393      5.89%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81676      3.90%     94.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25174      1.20%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44209      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7870      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5168      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4560      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28830      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2095586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       781549                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       872021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               190084                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              161534                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                66                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           134466                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          759828                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        10195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3162521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2226994                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 43576                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                179059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            781549                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              872021                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       781549                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.955767                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.955767                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338322                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338322                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4658319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1277015                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1184654                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         180036                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73670                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68590                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17909                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          836                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1741854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1063195                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            180036                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        86499                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              218223                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        60468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          108803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2059934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1841711     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11449      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18424      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          27458      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          11442      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          13618      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          14366      0.70%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10099      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         111367      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2059934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460242                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1720173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        82776                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          216625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39082                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        29329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1288646                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39082                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1724459                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         39531                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        30195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          213716                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12948                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1285989                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          801                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1760063                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5993990                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5993990                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1454120                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         305938                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          284                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           38461                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       130010                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        71982                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        13888                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1281548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195221                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       450785                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2059934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1551133     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206033     10.00%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113595      5.51%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74987      3.64%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68739      3.34%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21370      1.04%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15298      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5362      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3417      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2059934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1221     41.21%     52.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1410     47.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       985388     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21966      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118537      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70624      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.518012                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2963                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002476                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4458009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1477116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1174758                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5747                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27031                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4636                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          957                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39082                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         30126                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1281831                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130010                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71982                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11692                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        21878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179370                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             182743                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         159897                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            70482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.510533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1174861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1174758                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          694815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1764342                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.508536                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.393810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       871045                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1062387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220311                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        19326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2020852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1590981     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204560     10.12%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84761      4.19%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43584      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32708      1.62%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18407      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11320      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9482      0.47%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25049      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2020852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       871045                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1062387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               170322                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              102976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           147550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          960525                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        20730                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        25049                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3278501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2604488                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31091                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                250143                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            871045                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1062387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       871045                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.652075                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.652075                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.377063                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.377063                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5352879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1605869                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1221105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         209950                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20683                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79792                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74639                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22075                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          950                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1815940                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1150482                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            209950                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        96714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              238855                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         58520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        52467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          114323                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19704                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2144908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1906053     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          14374      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18207      0.85%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          29047      1.35%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12116      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15793      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          18014      0.84%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8636      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         122668      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2144908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090884                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.498028                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1805289                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        64403                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          237613                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37427                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        31786                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1405463                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1304                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37427                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1807671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          5643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        53159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          235387                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1395978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1949582                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6486953                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6486953                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1598415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         351167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       132113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        67627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        14982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1360918                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1294757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184238                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2144908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1597810     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248473     11.58%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101893      4.75%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57604      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77480      3.61%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24547      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23728      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12321      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1052      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2144908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9035     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1255     10.95%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1169     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1090753     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17546      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119051      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67249      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1294757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.560482                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11459                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4747521                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545509                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259042                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1035                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28094                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37427                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4206                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          556                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1361252                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12053                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        23499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1270809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116649                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23948                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             183858                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         179313                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            67209                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.550115                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1259081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1259042                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          753923                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2025416                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545022                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372231                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215100                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1622256     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246182     11.68%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89140      4.23%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44215      2.10%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40611      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17284      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17005      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8142      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22646      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       930010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1146163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               170127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              104019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           166163                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1031912                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23690                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        22646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3446085                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2759959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 29392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                165169                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            930010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1146163                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       930010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.483927                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.483927                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.402588                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.402588                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5715904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1760791                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1298335                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2310077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         174919                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15315                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          451                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1854400                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               998390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            174919                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       124199                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              221206                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         50923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        21466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          113417                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14836                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2132604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1911398     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          34553      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16233      0.76%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          33848      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9327      0.44%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          31653      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           4597      0.22%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           7768      0.36%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          83227      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2132604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075720                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.432189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1842368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        34178                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          220634                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          226                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        35192                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        15530                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1107627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        35192                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1844140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         18868                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        10450                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          218921                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1105275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          795                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1441074                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      4995867                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      4995867                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1134275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         306768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           13524                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       207553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        29916                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          295                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         6339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1097811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1015663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          923                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221056                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       471519                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2132604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1690277     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132299      6.20%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153780      7.21%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87362      4.10%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44439      2.08%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11568      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12296      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          318      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          265      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2132604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1681     57.73%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          671     23.04%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          560     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791350     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7359      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187394     18.45%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29493      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1015663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.439666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2912                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4167764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1319012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       987318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1018575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          797                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45732                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1216                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        35192                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         14042                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          594                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1097947                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29916                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          324                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6732                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        16122                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1002084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184781                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             214263                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         152509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            29482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.433788                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               987742                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              987318                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          599226                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1273638                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.427396                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.470484                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       783850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       874725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        15044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2097412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1775303     84.64%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       123997      5.91%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81906      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25414      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44276      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7872      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5190      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4562      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28892      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2097412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       783850                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       874725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               190518                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              161818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           134833                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          762248                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        10232                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        28892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3166499                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2231176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 43383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                177473                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            783850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              874725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       783850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.947091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.947091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4668179                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1280134                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1186586                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3098                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32753.606354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           563073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          35858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          15.702856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           902.105836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.088516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   163.246191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.590042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    62.414993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.264842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    42.531516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.570030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    63.508425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.884630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    85.759754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.407096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    84.945522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.041453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    83.293104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.570244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    63.502896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.039967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    41.991340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.164549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   164.995992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.590889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    60.749626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.940607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    81.091322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.042910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    84.552332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.684655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   240.442916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.928267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    42.994452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.043791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    81.633823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2269.801968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1542.779277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1192.886170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1522.591083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1850.498070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1857.399614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2142.111867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1538.143626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1208.027488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2238.519218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1573.989951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2179.678252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2116.887951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          3554.591258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1238.648436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2139.439600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.027530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.004982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.005035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.007338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.001312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.069269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.047082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.036404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.046466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.056473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.056683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.065372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.046940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.036866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.068314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.048034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.066519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.064602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.108478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.037801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.065291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1756                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1756                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3091                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2148399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     44932104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2165719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18877433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3501564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13685777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2289958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19301143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3796887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26193161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3694036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25651765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1866953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22944640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2310580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19001467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4583212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     13310428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2141279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     45690942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2104329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18502824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1969359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22410397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1913910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22674852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2068321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71219709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4092997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13378064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1950335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22176664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       462549208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6051397                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6051397                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2148399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     44932104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2165719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18877433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3501564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13685777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2289958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19301143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3796887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26193161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3694036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25651765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1866953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22944640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2310580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19001467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4583212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     13310428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2141279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     45690942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2104329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18502824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1969359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22410397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1913910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22674852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2068321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77271106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4092997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13378064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1950335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22176664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        468600605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2148399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     44932104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2165719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     18877433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3501564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13685777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2289958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19301143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3796887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26193161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3694036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25651765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1866953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22944640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2310580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19001467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4583212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     13310428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2141279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     45690942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2104329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18502824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1969359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     22410397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1913910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22674852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2068321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77271106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4092997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13378064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1950335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22176664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       468600605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                7749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1756                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1756                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.281346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.325626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.268882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.327027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.507511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.275229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.393470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.763636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.323755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.267267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.327027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.528747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.272727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.396079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.323755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.267267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.327027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.528747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.272727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.396079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153457.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151797.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154694.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153475.065041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 145898.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148758.445652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163568.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150790.179688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151875.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152285.819767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153918.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151785.591716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143611.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153990.872483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165041.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150805.293651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158041.793103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149555.370787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152948.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150795.188119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150309.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152915.900826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151489.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 154554.462069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147223.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152180.214765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159101.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150570.209302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151592.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148645.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150025.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151894.958904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151705.217448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 144080.880952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144080.880952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153457.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151797.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154694.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153475.065041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 145898.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148758.445652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163568.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150790.179688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151875.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152285.819767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153918.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151785.591716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143611.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153990.872483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165041.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150805.293651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158041.793103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149555.370787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152948.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150795.188119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150309.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152915.900826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151489.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 154554.462069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147223.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152180.214765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159101.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150040.982524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151592.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148645.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150025.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151894.958904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151601.619217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153457.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151797.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154694.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153475.065041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 145898.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 148758.445652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163568.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150790.179688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151875.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152285.819767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153918.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151785.591716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143611.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153990.872483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165041.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150805.293651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158041.793103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149555.370787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152948.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150795.188119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150309.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152915.900826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151489.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 154554.462069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147223.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152180.214765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159101.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150040.982524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151592.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148645.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150025.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151894.958904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151601.619217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1129                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1129                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1335657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     27700374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1351195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11712191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2103511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8324566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1479360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11844537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2340727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16182842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2295691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15817801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1109042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14267220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1499519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11664922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2898524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8125529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1326320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28052386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1291344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11455763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1211990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13969366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1156096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14000576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1312035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43675471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2524506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8137518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1194348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13674673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    285035600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3604248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3604248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1335657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     27700374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1351195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11712191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2103511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8324566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1479360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11844537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2340727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16182842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2295691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15817801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1109042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14267220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1499519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11664922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2898524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8125529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1326320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28052386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1291344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11455763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1211990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13969366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1156096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14000576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1312035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     47279719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2524506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8137518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1194348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13674673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288639848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1335657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     27700374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1351195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11712191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2103511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8324566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1479360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11844537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2340727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16182842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2295691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15817801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1109042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14267220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1499519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11664922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2898524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8125529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1326320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28052386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1291344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11455763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1211990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13969366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1156096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14000576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1312035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     47279719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2524506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8137518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1194348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13674673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288639848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.281346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.325626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.268882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.327027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.507511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.393470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.323755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.267267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.327027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.528747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.396079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.332432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.279635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.331407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.323755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.370647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.267267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.327027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.528747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.396079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95404.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93582.344595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96513.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95221.065041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 87646.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90484.413043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105668.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92535.445312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93629.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94086.290698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95653.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93596.455621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 85310.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95753.154362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107108.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92578.746032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99949.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91298.078652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94737.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92582.132013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92238.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94675.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        93230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96340.455172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 88930.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93963.597315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100925.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92337.147992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93500.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90416.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91872.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93662.143836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93484.945884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85815.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85815.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95404.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93582.344595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96513.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95221.065041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 87646.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90484.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105668.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92535.445312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93629.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94086.290698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95653.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93596.455621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 85310.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95753.154362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107108.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92578.746032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99949.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91298.078652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94737.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92582.132013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92238.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94675.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        93230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96340.455172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 88930.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93963.597315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100925.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91805.279612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93500.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90416.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91872.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93662.143836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93380.733743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95404.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93582.344595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96513.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95221.065041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 87646.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90484.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 105668.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92535.445312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93629.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94086.290698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95653.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93596.455621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 85310.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95753.154362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107108.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92578.746032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99949.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91298.078652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94737.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92582.132013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92238.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94675.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        93230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96340.455172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 88930.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93963.597315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100925.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91805.279612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93500.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90416.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91872.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93662.143836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93380.733743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.087614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.535009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.087614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2553168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2553168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2553168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2553168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2553168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2553168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       159573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       159573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       159573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2321127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2321127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2321127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2321127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2321127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2321127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165794.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165794.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165794.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165794.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165794.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165794.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             290528.072314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.714987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.285013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.393418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.606582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300555206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300555206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300555206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    300555206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300555206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    300555206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       435947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       435947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118702.687994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118702.687994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118702.687994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118702.687994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118702.687994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118702.687994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77761535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77761535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77761535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77761535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77761535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77761535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109215.639045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109215.639045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109215.639045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109215.639045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109215.639045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109215.639045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              488.589195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              731806598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1496537.010225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.589195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       112932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       112932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         112932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       112932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        112932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2532189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2532189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2532189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2532189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2532189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2532189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       112947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       112947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       112947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       112947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       112947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168812.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168812.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168812.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168812.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168812.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168812.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2288965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2288965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2288965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2288965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2288965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2288965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163497.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163497.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163497.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163497.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163497.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163497.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              110531407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             176567.742812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   139.772871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   116.227129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.545988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.454012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        76283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        63678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         139961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        139961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148015284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148015284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148015284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148015284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148015284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148015284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        77515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       141193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       141193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120142.275974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120142.275974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120142.275974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120142.275974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120142.275974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120142.275974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36906433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36906433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36906433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36906433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36906433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36906433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99747.116216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99747.116216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99747.116216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99747.116216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99747.116216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99747.116216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              474.367333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              735275102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1528638.465696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.367333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.031037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       114261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       114261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         114261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       114261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        114261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5345386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5345386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5345386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5345386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5345386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5345386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       114298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       114298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       114298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       114298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       114298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 144469.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144469.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 144469.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144469.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 144469.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144469.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3987906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3987906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3987906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3987906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3987906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3987906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       153381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       153381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       153381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              106621285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             182258.606838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   123.888002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   132.111998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.483938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.516062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        89563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        65681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       155244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         155244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       155244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        155244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86893561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86893561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       896910                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       896910                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     87790471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     87790471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     87790471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     87790471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        90417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        65688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       156105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       156105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101748.900468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101748.900468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       128130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       128130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101963.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101963.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101963.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101963.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30799768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30799768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       217860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31017628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31017628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31017628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31017628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94188.892966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94188.892966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       108930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       108930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94278.504559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94278.504559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94278.504559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94278.504559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              488.569133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              731806690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1496537.198364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.569133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         113024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        113024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2717209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2717209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2717209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2717209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2717209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2717209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       113039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       113039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181147.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181147.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181147.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181147.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181147.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181147.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2475282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2475282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2475282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2475282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2475282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2475282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176805.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176805.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176805.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176805.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176805.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176805.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              110531226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             176567.453674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   139.839760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   116.160240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.546249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.453751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        76256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        63524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       139780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         139780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       139780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        139780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147973209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147973209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147973209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    147973209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147973209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    147973209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        77476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        63524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       141000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       141000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121289.515574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121289.515574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121289.515574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121289.515574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121289.515574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121289.515574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37006289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37006289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37006289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37006289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37006289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37006289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100016.997297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100016.997297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100016.997297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100016.997297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100016.997297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100016.997297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.363777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              732326824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1441588.236220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.363777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.031032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         111675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       111675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        111675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4906225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4906225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4906225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4906225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4906225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4906225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       111707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       111707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       111707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153319.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153319.531250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153319.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153319.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153319.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153319.531250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4188999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4188999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4188999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4188999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4188999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4188999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161115.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161115.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161115.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161115.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161115.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161115.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              115427185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             149130.729974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   158.001914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    97.998086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.617195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.382805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        76487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       140810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         140810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       140810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        140810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    209734989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209734989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4417521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4417521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214152510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    214152510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214152510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    214152510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       142578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       142578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121868.093550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121868.093550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93989.808511                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93989.808511                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121126.985294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121126.985294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121126.985294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121126.985294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51571604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51571604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       203139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51774743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51774743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51774743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51774743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99944.968992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99944.968992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        67713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99758.657033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99758.657033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99758.657033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99758.657033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              500.886540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              732326876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1444431.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.886540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.030267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       111727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       111727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         111727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       111727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        111727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4946180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4946180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4946180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4946180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4946180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4946180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       111759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       111759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       111759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       111759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       111759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154568.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154568.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154568.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154568.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154568.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154568.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4122985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4122985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4122985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4122985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4122985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4122985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164919.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164919.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164919.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164919.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164919.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164919.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              115427299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             148364.137532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   158.036209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    97.963791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.617329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.382671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        76531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        64389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         140920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        140920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    212286468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212286468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4436366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4436366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216722834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    216722834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216722834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    216722834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        64437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       142702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       142702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122425.875433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122425.875433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92424.291667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92424.291667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121617.751964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121617.751964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121617.751964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121617.751964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51149810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51149810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       229477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       229477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51379287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51379287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51379287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51379287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98554.547206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98554.547206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 76492.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76492.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98427.752874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98427.752874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98427.752874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98427.752874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              538.040656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              627179928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1163599.124304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.040656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       113387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       113387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         113387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       113387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        113387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2120353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2120353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2120353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2120353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2120353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2120353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       113400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       113400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       113400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       113400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       113400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163104.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163104.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163104.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163104.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163104.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163104.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1984653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1984653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1984653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152665.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152665.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152665.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152665.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152665.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152665.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              147679245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             224436.542553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   137.482517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   118.517483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.537041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.462959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       170386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       198859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         198859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       198859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        198859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    151205412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151205412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    151205412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151205412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    151205412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151205412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       171759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        28473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       200232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       200232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110127.758194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110127.758194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110127.758194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110127.758194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110127.758194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110127.758194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41910324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41910324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41910324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41910324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41910324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41910324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104254.537313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104254.537313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104254.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104254.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104254.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104254.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.569387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              731806665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1496537.147239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.569387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         112999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        112999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2715288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2715288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2715288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2715288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2715288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2715288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       113014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       113014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       113014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181019.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181019.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181019.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181019.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 181019.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181019.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2450658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2450658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2450658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2450658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2450658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2450658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       175047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       175047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       175047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              110531179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             176567.378594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   139.825054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   116.174946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.546192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.453808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        76234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        63499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         139733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       139733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        139733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    148093079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148093079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    148093079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148093079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    148093079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148093079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        77454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        63499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       140953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       140953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       140953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       140953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121387.769672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121387.769672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121387.769672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121387.769672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121387.769672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121387.769672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37225206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37225206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37225206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37225206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     37225206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37225206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100608.664865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100608.664865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100608.664865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100608.664865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100608.664865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100608.664865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              477.143645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              735275103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1512911.734568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.143645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.035487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.764653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       114262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       114262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         114262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       114262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        114262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6981027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6981027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6981027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6981027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6981027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6981027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       114301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       114301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       114301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       114301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       114301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179000.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179000.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179000.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179000.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179000.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179000.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5577260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5577260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5577260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5577260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179911.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179911.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179911.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179911.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179911.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179911.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              106621435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             181021.112054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   124.279675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   131.720325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.485467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.514533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        89596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        65783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       155379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         155379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       155379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        155379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86876421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86876421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       542933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     87419354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     87419354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     87419354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     87419354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        65790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       156241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       156241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101609.849123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101609.849123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77561.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77561.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101414.563805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101414.563805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101414.563805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101414.563805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30806736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30806736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       133422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30940158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30940158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30940158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30940158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93071.709970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93071.709970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        66711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92913.387387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92913.387387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92913.387387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92913.387387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.163646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750118251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1346711.402154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.163646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         110419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       110419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        110419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2600228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2600228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2600228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2600228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2600228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2600228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       110435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       110435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       110435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162514.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162514.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162514.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162514.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162514.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162514.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2345193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2345193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2345193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2345193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2345193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2345193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167513.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167513.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167513.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167513.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167513.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167513.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              281231398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             289332.713992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   100.847337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   155.152663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.393935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.606065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       280653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       433639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         433639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       433639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        433639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    305847775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305847775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    305847775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    305847775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    305847775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    305847775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       283202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       152986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       436188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       436188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119987.357787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119987.357787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119987.357787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119987.357787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119987.357787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119987.357787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     78317659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78317659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     78317659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78317659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     78317659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78317659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109382.205307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109382.205307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109382.205307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109382.205307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109382.205307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109382.205307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              488.590045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              731806651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1496537.118609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.590045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       112985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       112985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         112985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       112985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        112985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2498946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2498946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2498946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2498946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2498946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2498946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       113000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166596.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166596.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166596.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166596.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166596.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166596.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2255159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2255159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2255159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2255159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2255159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2255159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161082.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161082.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161082.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161082.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161082.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161082.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              110531551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             176567.972843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   139.893163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   116.106837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.546458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.453542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        76349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        63756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         140105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        140105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    145860327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145860327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    145860327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    145860327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    145860327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    145860327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        77571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        63756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       141327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       141327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119361.969722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119361.969722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119361.969722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119361.969722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119361.969722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119361.969722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36274619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36274619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36274619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36274619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36274619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36274619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98039.510811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98039.510811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98039.510811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98039.510811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98039.510811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98039.510811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              537.939806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              627179888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1163599.050093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.939806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         113347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        113347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2227615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2227615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2227615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2227615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2227615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2227615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       113360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       113360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       171355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       171355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       171355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       171355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       171355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       171355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2092115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2092115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2092115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2092115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2092115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2092115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160931.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160931.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160931.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160931.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160931.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160931.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              147679314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             225120.905488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   136.732164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   119.267836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.534110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.465890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       170360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       198928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         198928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       198928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        198928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149638080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149638080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149638080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149638080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149638080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149638080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       171742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        28568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       200310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       200310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108276.468886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108276.468886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108276.468886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108276.468886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108276.468886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108276.468886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41600807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41600807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41600807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41600807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41600807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41600807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104002.017500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104002.017500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104002.017500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104002.017500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104002.017500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104002.017500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              538.042111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              627180040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1163599.332096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.042111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         113499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       113499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        113499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2169930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2169930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2169930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2169930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2169930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2169930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       113512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       113512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       113512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166917.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166917.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166917.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166917.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166917.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166917.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2034230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2034230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2034230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2034230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2034230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2034230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156479.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156479.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156479.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156479.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156479.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156479.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              147679217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             226155.003063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   137.399771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   118.600229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.536718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.463282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       198835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         198835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       198835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        198835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    147756606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147756606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    147756606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    147756606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    147756606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    147756606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        28418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       200202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       200202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108088.226774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108088.226774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108088.226774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108088.226774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108088.226774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108088.226774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     41021455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41021455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     41021455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41021455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     41021455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41021455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103328.602015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103328.602015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103328.602015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103328.602015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103328.602015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103328.602015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              501.683863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              735399774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1464939.788845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.683863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       108787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       108787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         108787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       108787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        108787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2501904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2501904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2501904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2501904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2501904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2501904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       108803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       108803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       108803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       108803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       108803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       156369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       156369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       156369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       156369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       156369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       156369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2184765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2184765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2184765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2184765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2184765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2184765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168058.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168058.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168058.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168058.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168058.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168058.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  974                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              122588906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             99665.777236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   190.317054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    65.682946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.743426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.256574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        82176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        66677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       148853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         148853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       148853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        148853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    299327410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299327410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     54243204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54243204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    353570614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    353570614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    353570614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    353570614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        84435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132504.386897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132504.386897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 170576.113208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170576.113208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137202.411331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137202.411331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137202.411331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137202.411331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107812255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107812255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6460597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6460597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    114272852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114272852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    114272852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114272852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000627                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115678.385193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115678.385193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153823.738095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153823.738095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117323.256674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117323.256674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117323.256674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117323.256674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              476.031740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735275123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1519163.477273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.031740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.033705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.762871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       114282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       114282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         114282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       114282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        114282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6522803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6522803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6522803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6522803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6522803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6522803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       114323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       114323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       114323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       114323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       114323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159092.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159092.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159092.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159092.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159092.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159092.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4883205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4883205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4883205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4883205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4883205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4883205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168386.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168386.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168386.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168386.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168386.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168386.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              106621314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             181947.634812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   124.169918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   131.830082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.485039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.514961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        89505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        65769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       155274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         155274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       155274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        155274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     86894943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86894943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1097739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1097739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     87992682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     87992682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     87992682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     87992682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        90364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        65781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101158.257276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101158.257276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91478.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91478.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101024.893226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101024.893226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101024.893226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101024.893226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30471502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30471502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       237746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       237746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30709248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30709248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30709248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30709248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93185.021407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93185.021407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79248.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79248.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93058.327273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93058.327273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93058.327273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93058.327273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              538.042988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              627179945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1163599.155844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.042988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         113404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        113404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2212472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2212472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2212472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2212472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2212472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2212472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       113417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       113417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170190.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170190.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170190.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170190.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170190.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170190.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2076372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2076372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2076372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2076372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2076372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2076372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159720.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159720.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159720.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159720.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159720.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159720.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              147679420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             223756.696970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   137.459350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   118.540650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.536951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.463049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       170469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       199034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         199034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       199034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        199034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    148606769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148606769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    148606769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148606769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    148606769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148606769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       171842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        28565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       200407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       200407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108235.083030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108235.083030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108235.083030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108235.083030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108235.083030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108235.083030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41326116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41326116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41326116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41326116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41326116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41326116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102292.366337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102292.366337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102292.366337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102292.366337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102292.366337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102292.366337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
