
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010619                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10619002995                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537721065903                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 427045                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   543176                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 282459                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37594.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16054682651                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20420588072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       252288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       401536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       146560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       148480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       146816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       252928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       378240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       409600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       375040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       142336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       180992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       250752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       411136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       140672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       245888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       409856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4364032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1105408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1105408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8636                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       409831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23758163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       433939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37812966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       421885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13801672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       458047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13982480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       433939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13825780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       337508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23818432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       433939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35619163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       433939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38572359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       433939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35317817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13403895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       470101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17044161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       337508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23613516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       421885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     38717006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       458047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13247195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       361616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23155470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       433939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     38596467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               410964382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       409831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       433939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       421885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       458047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       433939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       337508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       433939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       433939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       433939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       470101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       337508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       421885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       458047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       361616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       433939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6677840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         104097155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              104097155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         104097155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       409831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23758163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       433939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37812966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       421885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13801672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       458047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13982480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       433939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13825780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       337508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23818432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       433939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35619163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       433939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38572359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       433939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35317817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       397777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13403895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       470101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17044161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       337508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23613516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       421885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     38717006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       458047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13247195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       361616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23155470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       433939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     38596467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              515061537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2066534                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1694733                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204563                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808972                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211713                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19800400                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11755977                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2066534                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2587994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        578758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       660329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23419602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20831608     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         279888      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         325953      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178112      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207382      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112376      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          76787      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         199417      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1208079      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23419602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461648                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19637374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       826732                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2567488                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       368728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       334883                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2151                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14352482                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11333                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       368728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19667982                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        216635                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       525076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2557389                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        83786                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14342927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        20667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        39974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19933994                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66796908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66796908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2908466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3827                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          229099                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1370182                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       746541                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164240                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14318986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13531732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16777                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1782744                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4137498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          493                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23419602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17714700     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2296777      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233402      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852656      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745177      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380560      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92086      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59793      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44451      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23419602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3283     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12880     43.59%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13388     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11326843     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211837      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1250648      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       740746      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13531732                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531381                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50529392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16105694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13307747                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13561283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       241442                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15997                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       368728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        169522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14322838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1370182                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       746541                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9302                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118485                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233062                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13331853                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1865469                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           740520                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13308004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13307747                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7913268                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20722323                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2054223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       205642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23050874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18039764     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323617     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       973912      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584255      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405651      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261334      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136881      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109763      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215697      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23050874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128740                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       215697                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37158018                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29014566                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                305644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2045634                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268683                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.546524                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.546524                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60148532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18469599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13394758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1985497                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       753839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4673                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21030069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12491814                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1985497                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       816645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2468298                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        332255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       484570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1208844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24206668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21738370     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          87264      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         180429      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          75012      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         409091      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         364663      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          70730      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         148788      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1132321      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24206668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077969                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.490544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20911740                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       604458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2459264                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       223488                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       174521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14648007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1476                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       223488                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20934046                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        427538                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       109056                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2445981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        66552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14639575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        27489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        24622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          299                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17197960                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     68948664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     68948664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15231800                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1966149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1707                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          867                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          171637                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3451655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1745027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        85187                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14609089                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14041097                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1137147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2729413                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24206668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19222289     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488110      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227099      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       528997      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672456      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650281      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369893      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29133      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18410      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24206668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35429     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277053     86.45%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7993      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8811633     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122650      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3365027     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1740947     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14041097                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.551383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52616930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748318                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13919964                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14361572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11051                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1245                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       223488                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        390780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14610819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3451655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1745027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12390                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60867                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62944                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       123811                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13942178                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3353472                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98919                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5094275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1826025                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1740803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.547498                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13920481                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13919964                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7520194                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14819994                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507436                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11303695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13283577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1328501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       108019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23983180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19168411     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1755595      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       823966      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       815520      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221273      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948532      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70750      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51826      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127307      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23983180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11303695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13283577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5050318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3316347                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1753883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11812594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       127307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38467912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29447681                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                462530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1258568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11303695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13283577                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11303695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.252824                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.252824                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443887                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443887                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68917980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16173058                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      17435913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25465232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2308544                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1921698                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211489                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881399                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         842747                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248195                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9842                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20071305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12658329                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2308544                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1090942                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2638328                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        590244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       666090                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1248226                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202182                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23752534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21114206     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         161847      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         203516      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         323956      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         136341      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         175321      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         203326      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          93813      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1340208      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23752534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090655                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19952471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       796467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2625752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       376526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       351555                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15475440                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1632                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       376526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19973228                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         64915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       674553                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2606266                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        57039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15379593                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21476942                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     71512935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     71512935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17939566                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3537376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3728                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1949                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          201234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1443158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       752937                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8485                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       165749                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15015953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14394553                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15170                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3769896                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          151                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23752534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17657831     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2775299     11.68%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138473      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637053      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       863876      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266724      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262115      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139969      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11194      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23752534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99383     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13635     10.83%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12891     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12125398     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196555      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1779      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320434      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750387      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14394553                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565263                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125909                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52682719                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16864186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14017264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14520462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10739                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277061                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           92                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11865                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       376526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         49367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15019700                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1443158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752937                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1949                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           92                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124600                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119249                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       243849                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14142662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1298120                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2048390                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2000070                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           750270                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555371                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14017370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14017264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8396338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        22554031                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550447                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10437086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12860913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2158862                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       213080                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23376008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17934245     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2757504     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1001023      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498467      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456344      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192182      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190049      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90170      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256024      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23376008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10437086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12860913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1907169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1166097                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1864183                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11578966                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       265572                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       256024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           38139681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30416092                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                306756                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1712698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10437086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12860913                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10437086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.439879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.439879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.409856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.409856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63630066                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19585729                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14308848                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2308388                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1921647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       878311                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         842327                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         247979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9798                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20065689                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12661860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2308388                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1090306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2639094                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        590279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       668196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1247777                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201925                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23749906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21110812     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         161804      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         204282      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         324605      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         135232      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         174972      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         203609      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          93565      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1341025      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23749906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.497221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19947085                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       798535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2626326                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       376634                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       351433                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          293                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15477700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       376634                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19968108                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         65215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       675935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2606586                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        57421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15380500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        40026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21478401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     71516950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     71516950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17937508                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3540882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          203162                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1443390                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       752810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8382                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       169246                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15017037                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3759                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14393786                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15526                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1848268                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3778407                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23749906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17653918     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2777467     11.69%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138324      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637282      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       862941      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266606      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       261766      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140381      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11221      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23749906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99751     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13661     10.82%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12872     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12124677     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196676      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1779      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320425      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750229      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14393786                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565233                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126284                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52679286                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16869155                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14016818                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14520070                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10666                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277435                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11817                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       376634                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         49630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6333                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15020803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1443390                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1963                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5526                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124388                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119565                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       243953                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14142415                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1298335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2048443                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1999650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           750108                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14016911                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14016818                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8398022                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22558783                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550430                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372273                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10435917                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12859463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161396                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       213000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23373272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17930008     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2758995     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1001577      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499446      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455732      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191444      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       189839      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90054      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256177      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23373272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10435917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12859463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1906948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1165955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1863972                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11577667                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       265545                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       256177                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           38137876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30418377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                306646                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1715330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10435917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12859463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10435917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.440153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.440153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409810                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409810                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63629110                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19584748                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14312260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2305997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1920335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211989                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       878051                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         841535                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         247807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9845                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20068171                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12647760                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2305997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1089342                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2636347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        590603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       666369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1248272                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202731                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23747559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21111212     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         161550      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         204017      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         325185      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         135787      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         174087      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         202738      0.85%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          92827      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1340156      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23747559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090555                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19949881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       796201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2623805                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       376387                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       350394                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15460569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1656                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       376387                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19970526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         65194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       674347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2604411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        56687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15365227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21459587                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71448865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71448865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17923357                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3536188                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3740                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          199129                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1441332                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       751242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8267                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       168005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14998708                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14376864                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841712                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23747559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17657224     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2776941     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1135029      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637466      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       862493      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265488      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       261657      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139975      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11286      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23747559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100044     79.15%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13495     10.68%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12862     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12112160     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196302      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1777      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318033      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       748592      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14376864                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.564568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126401                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52643095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16844266                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14001571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14503265                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276304                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           92                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10852                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       376387                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         49660                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15002470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1441332                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1961                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           92                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       244375                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14126308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1296411                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       250553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2044893                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1997276                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           748482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.554729                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14001665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14001571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8387519                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22533484                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.549831                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10427633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12849257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2153268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       213584                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23371172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17932662     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2756553     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1000992      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       497631      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455853      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191890      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       189710      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90343      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255538      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23371172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10427633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12849257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1905416                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1165026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1862494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11568458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       265327                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       255538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38118081                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30381471                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                307580                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1717677                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10427633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12849257                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10427633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.442092                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.442092                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.409485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.409485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63561709                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19565953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14295669                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1927145                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1725235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1288455                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1271407                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112125                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20460902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10961680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1927145                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1383532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2442753                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        509403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       300997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1238218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23558976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21116223     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         378242      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         183617      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         372319      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         114391      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         345773      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          52915      0.22%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86316      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         909180      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23558976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075677                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430457                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20194654                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       572250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2437768                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1937                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       352366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       177754                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1959                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12221792                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4628                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       352366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20224816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        346507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       135648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2410140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        89493                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12202780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        72957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     15948771                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55240251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55240251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12889737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3059014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          189301                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2238818                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       347553                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2970                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        79392                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12138867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11350594                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7316                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2223702                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4578774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23558976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18577295     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555310      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1684384      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974790      4.14%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493527      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123161      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144183      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3473      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2853      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23558976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18586     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7605     23.46%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6225     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8877224     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86386      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2041878     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344322      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11350594                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.445729                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32416                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46299896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14364195                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11060306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11383010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       352366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        226248                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12140463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2238818                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347553                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4124                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          250                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       163371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11209661                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2014229                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2358517                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1706564                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           344288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.440195                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11063077                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11060306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6701508                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14445520                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.434330                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8823693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9900087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       153092                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23206610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19538883     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428236      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930374      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289672      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490305      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93348      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59189      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53831      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322772      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23206610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8823693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9900087                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2117388                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1779066                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1522284                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8641227                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       120464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       322772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35024742                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24634493                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                458505                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1906260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8823693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9900087                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8823693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.886007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.886007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346500                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346500                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52160936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14375992                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13038135                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2066034                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1689702                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203899                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       864920                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813767                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211936                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20050756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11721066                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2066034                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1025703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2455860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        591466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       355287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1234698                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23245055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20789195     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         133635      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         209802      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         334166      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         138634      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         155321      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         164729      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         108028      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1211545      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23245055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081132                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19865372                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       542554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2447875                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       382877                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       338487                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14311917                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       382877                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19896914                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        175968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       277060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2423263                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        88960                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14301999                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        24793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        33450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4477                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19853144                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     66524805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     66524805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16928355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2924789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3644                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2003                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          268945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1364703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       732537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22081                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       166543                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14279811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3654                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13507021                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17068                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1827097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4069886                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23245055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17551066     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2284885      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1249355      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852713      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       796663      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228342      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179281      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60761      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41989      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23245055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3224     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10020     39.08%     51.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12398     48.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11315552     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213378      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1638      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1248300      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728153      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13507021                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25642                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001898                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50301807                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16110716                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13286706                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13532663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247348                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22031                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          879                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       382877                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        120599                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14283485                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1364703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9343                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       234932                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13312474                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1174025                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1901806                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1872176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           727781                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522770                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13286912                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13286706                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7769265                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20299813                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382726                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9943995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12188744                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2094779                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3303                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       207930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22862178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17913018     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2396750     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933973      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502637      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376065      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209954      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130122      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115897      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283762      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22862178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9943995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12188744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1827861                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1117355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1749565                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10983073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       247649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       283762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36861874                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28949952                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                325565                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2220181                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9943995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12188744                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9943995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.560866                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.560866                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390493                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390493                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60033052                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18418904                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13347456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25465231                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1984030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1789919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106421                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109329                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21021637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12483924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1984030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       816385                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2466445                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        333692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       477548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1208644                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106751                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24190315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21723870     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          87461      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         179743      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          74848      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         408980      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         363980      1.50%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          70891      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         149064      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1131478      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24190315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.490234                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20902694                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       598051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2457455                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7678                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       224432                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       174307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14638444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1556                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       224432                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20925103                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        420894                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       109386                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2444092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        66401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14629944                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        27383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        24676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          203                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17189599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     68905599                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     68905599                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15217320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1972279                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          868                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          171815                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3447490                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1742713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15944                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        84436                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14599609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1714                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14027866                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1142015                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2748403                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24190315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19209112     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489165      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225389      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       528598      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       671339      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649316      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369901      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29173      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18322      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24190315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35639     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276563     86.37%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8016      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8805356     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122544      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3360491     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738635     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14027866                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550863                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320218                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52573720                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15743706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13906812                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14348084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25287                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11059                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1243                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       224432                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        383769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14601342                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3447490                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1742713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61288                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       124336                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13929011                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3348667                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5087149                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1823835                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1738482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546982                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13907323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13906812                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7512316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14813648                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.546110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11291445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13269447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1333181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       108496                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23965883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19156275     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1753495      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       823915      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       813672      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221576      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947296      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70611      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51688      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127355      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23965883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11291445                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13269447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5043397                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3311743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1752079                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11800098                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       128586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       127355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38441117                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29429722                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                462448                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1274916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11291445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13269447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11291445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.255268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.255268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443406                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443406                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       68851131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16160286                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      17420964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2064671                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1688694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865598                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814026                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211956                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20053313                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11712707                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2064671                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1025982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2454689                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        592277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       354494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1235169                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23245972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20791283     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         133525      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         210702      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         334322      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         137889      0.59%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         154845      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         165431      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         107799      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1210176      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23245972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081078                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19868266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       541373                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2446775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       383200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       338146                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14300753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       383200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19900155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        174842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       276052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2421845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        89865                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14290869                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        24650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        33713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4737                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19839350                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     66470306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     66470306                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16921760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2917590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1983                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          269894                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1363333                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       732456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       166621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14268835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3632                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13500925                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16925                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1819566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4044478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          330                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23245972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17552958     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2285280      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1249583      5.38%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852899      3.67%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       795294      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       227899      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179381      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60599      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42079      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23245972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3268     12.84%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9786     38.45%     51.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12399     48.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11310125     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213218      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1637      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1248035      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       727910      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13500925                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530171                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50290200                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16092186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13279983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13526378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246418                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22240                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          880                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       383200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        118797                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14272489                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1363333                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8886                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       235567                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13306002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1174055                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1901570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1871650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           727515                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522516                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13280246                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13279983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7765528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20281738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521495                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382883                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9940135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12183945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2088578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       208415                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22862772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17914269     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2396547     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933990      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503009      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375650      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210445      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129671      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115988      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283203      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22862772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9940135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12183945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1827131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1116915                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1748855                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10978749                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       247542                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       283203                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36852027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28928277                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                325744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2219264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9940135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12183945                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9940135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.561860                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.561860                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60004988                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18409800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13338746                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2309665                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922743                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211377                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843504                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248408                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9825                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20075765                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12666601                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2309665                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1091912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2640564                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        590215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       667255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1248501                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202150                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23760476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21119912     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         161797      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         203476      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         324870      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         136693      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         175399      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         203924      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          93474      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1340931      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23760476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090699                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19957139                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       797398                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2628028                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1308                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       376601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       351605                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          292                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15487059                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1685                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       376601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19977702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         65128                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       675456                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2608714                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        56868                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15392280                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21491455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71574714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71574714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17950345                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3541110                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3715                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1935                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          199872                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445319                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       753329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       169804                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15025288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14403214                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1847497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3777211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          137                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23760476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17660030     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2781341     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1137193      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637230      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864578      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266032      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262369      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140513      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11190      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23760476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99627     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13665     10.83%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12894     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12132346     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196615      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1780      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321738      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750735      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14403214                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565603                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008761                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52708441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16876610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14025473                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14529400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278525                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11816                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       376601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49572                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6246                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15029023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445319                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124359                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119175                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       243534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14151022                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1298858                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2049493                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2000590                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           750635                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555700                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14025565                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14025473                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8402612                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22578323                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10443332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12868648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2160431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       212971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23383875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17937128     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2760720     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002539      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498552      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456614      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191806      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190101      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90218      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256197      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23383875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10443332                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12868648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1908307                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1166794                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1865328                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11585913                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       265735                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       256197                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           38156679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30434775                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                306796                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1704760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10443332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12868648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10443332                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.438421                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.438421                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63669930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19595800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14317892                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2103569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1720999                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865263                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827007                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         216980                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9434                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20233616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11762165                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2103569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1043987                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2454616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        565408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       462935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1239277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23507320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21052704     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         114666      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         181751      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         245724      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         252995      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         214085      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         120110      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         177559      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1147726      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23507320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20029031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       669494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2450133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       355891                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       346217                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14430359                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       355891                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20084484                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        136020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       407997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2398177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       124749                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14424297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        54461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     20126145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67100407                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67100407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17422550                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2703595                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          376270                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1350342                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       731274                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8663                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       228570                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14405408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13671398                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1608512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3857182                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23507320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17680842     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2428712     10.33%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1221219      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       892701      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706066      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288429      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182197      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94678      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12476      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23507320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2795     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8394     37.04%     49.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11474     50.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11497336     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204071      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1713      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239457      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728821      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13671398                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536865                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22663                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50874777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16017569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13464086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13694061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28192                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11005                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       355891                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        107871                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14409025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1350342                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731274                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1865                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10356                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116397                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       235966                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13481263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165939                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1894695                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1915444                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           728756                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529399                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13464226                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13464086                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7729144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20828049                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528724                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371093                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10156823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12498365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1910666                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3457                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       208951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23151429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17988935     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2576288     11.13%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956775      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457214      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406652      1.76%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222080      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180173      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87657      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275655      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23151429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10156823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12498365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1852450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1132181                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1802459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11260810                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       257429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       275655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37284727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29173969                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                308290                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1957916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10156823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12498365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10156823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.507205                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.507205                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60676097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18754503                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13378161                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3454                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1928939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727207                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153777                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1289979                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1273808                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20463740                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10970029                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1928939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1385944                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2444794                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        508091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       304041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1238393                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23566053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21121259     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         378229      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         184322      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         372941      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         114058      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         346769      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          53080      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          86491      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         908904      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23566053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20199723                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       573027                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2439792                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1990                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       351520                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       177560                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12228947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       351520                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20229584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        348334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       135115                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2412334                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        89160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12210217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        72405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15958766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55270353                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55270353                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12902813                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3055946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          188399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2240815                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       347696                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        79485                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12145879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11359857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7307                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2219844                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4566432                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23566053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18580775     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554165      6.59%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1688084      7.16%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976564      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492212      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123706      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144243      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3436      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2868      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23566053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18547     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7625     23.54%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6217     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8883138     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86366      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2045105     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344464      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11359857                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.446093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32389                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46325463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14367357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11070020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11392246                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8721                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458437                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9365                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       351520                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        229377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10858                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12147484                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2240815                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347696                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          256                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103552                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       163059                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11218695                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2016789                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2361229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1708517                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           344440                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.440549                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11072736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11070020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6707802                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14451833                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.434711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.464149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8834753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9911147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2236820                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       152628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23214533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19544263     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428215      6.15%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932050      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289433      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490825      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92922      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59202      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53573      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324050      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23214533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8834753                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9911147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2120706                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1782375                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1524096                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8650483                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       324050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35038424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24647712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                458458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1899183                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8834753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9911147                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8834753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.882394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.882394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52206227                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14387955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13049787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1983133                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1789040                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       757742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         706319                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109474                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4689                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21015774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12480225                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1983133                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       815793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2465795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        333562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       477580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1208310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24183796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21718001     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          87173      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         180309      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          74978      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         408310      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         364220      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          70475      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         148683      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1131647      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24183796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077876                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.490089                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20896590                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       598363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2456638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       224394                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       174248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14634172                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       224394                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20919157                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        418310                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       111485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2443211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        67232                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14625473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        27619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        24838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          414                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17184580                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     68884321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     68884321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15210934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1973646                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          173962                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3447616                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1742608                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        85021                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14594470                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14024021                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7664                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1142362                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2746019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24183796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19204637     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1487856      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225225      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       528244      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       671258      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649275      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369901      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29030      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18370      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24183796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35505     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276655     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8032      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8801773     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122535      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          839      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3360618     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738256     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14024021                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550712                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320192                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52559694                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15738953                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13901934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14344213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136308                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11243                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       224394                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        381488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14596238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3447616                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1742608                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          908                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63024                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       124315                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13924424                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3348814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            5086898                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1823760                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1738084                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13902455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13901934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7509829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14800280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545918                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507411                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11287711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13264787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1332722                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       108397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23959402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19150640     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1753843      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       823638      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       813725      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       220878      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947120      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70719      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51645      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127194      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23959402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11287711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13264787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              5042673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3311308                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1751380                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11795905                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       128481                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       127194                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           38429678                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29419445                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                462723                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1281440                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11287711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13264787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11287711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.256014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.256014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443260                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443260                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       68828650                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16153994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      17416831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2310248                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         842911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248626                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9888                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20076762                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12670274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2310248                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1091537                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2641353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        589316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       666609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1248343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201857                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23760842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21119489     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         162251      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         202974      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         325480      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         136522      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         175621      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         203133      0.85%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          93555      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1341817      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23760842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497552                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19958400                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       796629                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2628680                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       375827                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       351963                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15490611                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1702                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       375827                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19979204                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         64568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       675011                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2609132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        57093                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15393995                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21494906                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     71580785                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     71580785                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17958953                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3535953                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3767                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          201104                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445388                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       753720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8337                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       168290                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15028020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3784                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14408385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15152                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3764860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23760842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17660310     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2778017     11.69%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139290      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637905      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864862      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266744      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262252      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140303      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11159      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23760842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99500     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13664     10.84%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12887     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12136908     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196804      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1781      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321782      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751110      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14408385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565806                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126051                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52718815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16874806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14031094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14534436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10730                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278047                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       375827                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49305                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6228                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15031808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445388                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1986                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5394                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123928                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119441                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       243369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14156960                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299606                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2050597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2001848                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           750991                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555933                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14031197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14031094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8406429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22582656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550990                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10448368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12874788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157079                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       212844                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23385015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17937034     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2761122     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1001852      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499024      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456849      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192338      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190125      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90314      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256357      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23385015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10448368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12874788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1909211                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1167341                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1866188                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11591462                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       265858                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       256357                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           38160447                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30439577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                306534                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1704394                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10448368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12874788                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10448368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.437245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.437245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63694756                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19605017                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14322228                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1929680                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154127                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1290114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1273941                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112102                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4557                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20470652                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10971688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1929680                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1386043                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2445885                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        509285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       302576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1238925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23573434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21127549     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         378939      1.61%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184446      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         373170      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         113810      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         346864      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          52867      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          86150      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         909639      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23573434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20207425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       570797                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2440853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1997                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       352361                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       177984                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12232044                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4619                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       352361                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20237236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        346701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       134868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2413469                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        88793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12213740                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        72064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15963093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     55287037                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     55287037                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12899499                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3063538                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          187914                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2240247                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       347788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        79245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12148821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11359605                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7524                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2225030                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4577959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23573434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18588392     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554455      6.59%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1687802      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975610      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492947      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123632      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144300      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3400      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2896      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23573434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18786     57.60%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7595     23.29%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6233     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8884108     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86381      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2043773     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344559      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11359605                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.446083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32614                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46332782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14375476                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11069391                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11392219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9460                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       352361                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        228074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10908                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12150418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2240247                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          801                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4165                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103685                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59747                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       163432                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11217483                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2015722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2360241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1708334                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           344519                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.440502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11072089                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11069391                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6707328                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14454948                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.434686                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.464016                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8831951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9908345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       152975                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23221073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19551415     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428538      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931230      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289728      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490770      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92832      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58990      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53577      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323993      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23221073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8831951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9908345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2119865                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1781537                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1523637                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8648138                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       120467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       323993                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35047897                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24654350                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                458878                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1891802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8831951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9908345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8831951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.883308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.883308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       52200249                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14386267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13051074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25465236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1984270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1789892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106485                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       750084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         706454                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109319                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4649                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21019430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12487660                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1984270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       815773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2467283                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        334552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       479889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1208805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     24192065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21724782     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          87299      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         180331      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          74887      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         408795      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         364264      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          70456      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         149033      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1132218      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     24192065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077921                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.490381                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20900455                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       600427                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2458277                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7687                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       225214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       174602                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14643671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1510                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       225214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20923015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        421522                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       110816                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2444792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        66699                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14635113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        27310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        24721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          363                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17197032                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     68928979                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     68928979                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15214355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1982671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          871                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          173201                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3447584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1742774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15866                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        84922                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14604149                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1718                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14029771                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7277                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1147882                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2759153                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24192065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19211145     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1487923      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225647      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       528640      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672153      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649234      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369798      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29136      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18389      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24192065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35585     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276638     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7996      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8807844     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122629      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3359812     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738646     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14029771                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550938                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320219                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52579103                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15754118                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13908336                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14349990                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136017                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1242                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       225214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        384821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14605882                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3447584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1742774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          872                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       124442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13930194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3348391                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5086890                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1824311                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1738499                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.547028                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13908843                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13908336                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7514429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14816248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.546170                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507175                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11289741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13267347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1339852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       108572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23966851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19157678     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1753790      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       823431      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       813737      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221356      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947167      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70804      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51703      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127185      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23966851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11289741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13267347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              5043100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3311563                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1751776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11798213                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       128544                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       127185                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38446826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29439651                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                462650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1273171                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11289741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13267347                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11289741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.255609                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.255609                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       68855069                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16161967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      17424838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34101                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.160015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1431683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          66868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.410585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           223.160243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    20.064934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   866.637534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.902850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1349.345053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.759325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   485.882956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.854018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   496.726985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.971039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   485.564458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.528900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   827.977740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.189128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1216.160065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.890282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1364.066027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.042610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1220.624509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.981460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   473.189203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.019435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   593.991058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.669691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   829.905794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.437210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1385.170706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.385910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   469.731091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.362773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   806.282045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.356878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1375.707640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1156.960391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1375.968071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           777.525845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           788.102916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           768.086580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1301.531894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1364.194194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1304.386937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1361.288822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           794.137084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           925.125930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1310.949113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1282.662889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           816.536202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1325.108022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1295.055573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.041179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.014828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.015159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.014818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.025268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.037114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.041628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.037251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.018127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.025327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.042272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.014335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.024606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.041983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.035308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.023728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.024051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.023440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.039720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.041632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.039807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.041543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.024235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.028233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.039144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.024919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.040439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.039522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   58813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16733                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16733                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   190                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3708                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2646                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2645                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59003                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34094                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4954657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    297841637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5452089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    478802482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5213692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    174352100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6062028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    176486091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5558139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    175434807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4297103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    298306712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5516623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    448047674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5694980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    486171937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5429241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    444009518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5241239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    168998601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5859900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    213661394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4192692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    294447131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5507438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    487420735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6259425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    167754332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4544093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    289921225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5513604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    487695576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5174648895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       282831                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       143020                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       150800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       177547                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       152219                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        906417                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4954657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    298124468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5452089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    478945502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5213692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    174352100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6062028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    176486091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5558139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    175434807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4297103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    298306712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5516623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    448047674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5694980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    486322737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5429241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    444009518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5241239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    168998601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5859900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    213661394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4192692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    294624678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5507438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    487420735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6259425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    167754332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4544093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    290073444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5513604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    487695576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5175555312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4954657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    298124468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5452089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    478945502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5213692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    174352100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6062028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    176486091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5558139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    175434807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4297103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    298306712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5516623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    448047674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5694980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    486322737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5429241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    444009518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5241239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    168998601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5859900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    213661394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4192692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    294624678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5507438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    487420735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6259425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    167754332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4544093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    290073444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5513604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    487695576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5175555312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               92901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16733                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16733                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                93097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               93097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.303231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.307856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.395080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.393947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.366928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.030612                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.302031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.289744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.393511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.366220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.302031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.289744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.393511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.366220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145725.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151265.432707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151446.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152679.362883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148962.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152272.576419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159527.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152143.181897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154392.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152951.008718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153467.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150964.935223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153239.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151623.578342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158193.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151976.222882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150812.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151539.084642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158825.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151977.159173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150253.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151104.239038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150381.578652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157355.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151749.917497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164721.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152642.704277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151469.766667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151000.638021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153155.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152309.673954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151802.654747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 141415.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       143020                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       150800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       177547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       152219                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151069.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145725.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151255.437849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151446.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152676.283711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148962.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152272.576419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159527.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152143.181897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154392.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152951.008718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153467.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150964.935223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153239.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151623.578342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158193.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151975.855313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150812.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151539.084642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158825.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151977.159173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150253.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151104.239038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150395.445636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157355.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151749.917497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164721.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152642.704277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151469.766667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151001.272254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153155.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152309.673954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151802.525723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145725.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151255.437849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151446.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152676.283711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148962.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152272.576419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159527.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152143.181897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154392.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152951.008718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153467.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150964.935223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153239.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151623.578342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158193.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151975.855313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150812.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151539.084642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158825.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151977.159173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150253.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151104.239038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150395.445636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157355.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151749.917497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164721.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152642.704277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151469.766667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151001.272254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153155.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152309.673954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151802.525723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2973856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    183162893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3361870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    296270536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3176429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    107688441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3856329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108968090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3465400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    108644713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2667350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    183202748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3422331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275979467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3601693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    299998223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3329747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    273388106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3324912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    104260402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3589669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    131316477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2565472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    180386108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3473746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    300451842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4053226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    103763289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2796163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178055280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3421029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    301316180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3189932017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       166176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        84235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        92275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       118886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        93449                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       555021                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2973856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    183329069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3361870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    296354771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3176429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    107688441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3856329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108968090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3465400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    108644713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2667350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    183202748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3422331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275979467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3601693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    300090498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3329747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    273388106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3324912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    104260402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3589669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    131316477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2565472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    180504994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3473746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    300451842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4053226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    103763289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2796163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178148729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3421029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    301316180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3190487038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2973856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    183329069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3361870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    296354771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3176429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    107688441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3856329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    108968090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3465400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    108644713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2667350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    183202748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3422331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    275979467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3601693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    300090498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3329747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    273388106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3324912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    104260402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3589669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    131316477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2565472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    180504994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3473746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    300451842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4053226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    103763289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2796163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178148729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3421029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    301316180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3190487038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.303231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.307856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.393239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.395080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.393947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.302031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.289744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.393511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.366220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.302031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.302479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.392927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.352592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.289744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.393511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87466.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93023.307770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93385.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94474.022959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90755.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94051.040175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101482.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93938.008621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96261.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94720.761116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95262.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92713.941296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95064.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93394.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100047.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93778.750547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92492.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93306.520819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100754.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93759.354317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92042.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92868.795615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        91624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92127.736466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99249.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93540.424035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 106663.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94416.095541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93205.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92737.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95028.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94102.492192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93579.324601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        83088                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        84235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        92275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       118886                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        93449                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92503.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87466.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93013.226281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93385.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94470.759005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90755.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94051.040175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101482.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93938.008621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96261.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94720.761116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95262.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92713.941296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95064.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93394.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100047.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93778.280625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92492.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93306.520819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100754.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93759.354317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92042.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92868.795615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        91624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92141.395610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99249.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93540.424035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 106663.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94416.095541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93205.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92737.495575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95028.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94102.492192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93579.135273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87466.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93013.226281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93385.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94470.759005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90755.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94051.040175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101482.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93938.008621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96261.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94720.761116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95262.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92713.941296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95064.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93394.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100047.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93778.280625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92492.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93306.520819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100754.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93759.354317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92042.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92868.795615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        91624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92141.395610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99249.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93540.424035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 106663.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94416.095541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93205.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92737.495575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95028.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94102.492192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93579.135273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.114021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1936613.361702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.114021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6697876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6697876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6697876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6697876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6697876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6697876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148841.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148841.688889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148841.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148841.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148841.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148841.688889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5334777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5334777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5334777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5334777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5334777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5334777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152422.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152422.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152422.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152422.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152422.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152422.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5679                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158371783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26684.377928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.722789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.277211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.881730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.118270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       857616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1584114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1584114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1584114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1584114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2413585402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2413585402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55589253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55589253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2469174655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2469174655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2469174655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2469174655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       876902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       876902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1603856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1603856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1603856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1603856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125147.018666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125147.018666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121906.256579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121906.256579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125072.163661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125072.163661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125072.163661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125072.163661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    567578804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567578804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1295235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1295235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    568874039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    568874039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    568874039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568874039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100243.518898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100243.518898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76190.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76190.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100171.515936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100171.515936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100171.515936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100171.515936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              571.869616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1030791575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1777226.853448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.127577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.742039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.048281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1208794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1208794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1208794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1208794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1208794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8539241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8539241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8539241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8539241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8539241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8539241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1208844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1208844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1208844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170784.820000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170784.820000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170784.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170784.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170784.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170784.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6644760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6644760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6644760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179588.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179588.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179588.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179588.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179588.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179588.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              406442404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             48271.069359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.088751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.911249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3164245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3164245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1732222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1732222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4896467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4896467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4896467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4896467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        28920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        28920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3334654555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3334654555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2903004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2903004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3337557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3337557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3337557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3337557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3193135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3193135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1732252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1732252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4925387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4925387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4925387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4925387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115425.910523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115425.910523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96766.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96766.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115406.554599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115406.554599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115406.554599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115406.554599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    865206878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865206878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       740010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       740010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    865946888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    865946888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    865946888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    865946888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106095.264010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106095.264010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82223.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82223.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106068.947575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106068.947575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106068.947575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106068.947575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.152188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003037136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2038693.365854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.152188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.049923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1248178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1248178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1248178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1248178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1248178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9592730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9592730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9592730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9592730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9592730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9592730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1248226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1248226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1248226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199848.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199848.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199848.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199848.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199848.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199848.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7607399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7607399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7607399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7607399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7607399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7607399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205605.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205605.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205605.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205605.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205605.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205605.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148772279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36761.126513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   219.908685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    36.091315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.859018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.140982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       994245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       737363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1731608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1731608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1731608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1731608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1017657309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017657309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8056760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8056760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1025714069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1025714069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1025714069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1025714069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1003892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1003892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       737443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       737443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1741335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1741335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1741335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1741335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105489.510625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105489.510625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100709.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100709.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105450.197286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105450.197286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105450.197286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105450.197286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        26127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        26127                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    365049499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365049499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1433441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1433441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    366482940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366482940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    366482940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366482940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96676.244439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96676.244439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95562.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95562.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96671.838565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96671.838565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96671.838565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96671.838565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.040900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1003036685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2026336.737374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.040900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1247727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1247727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1247727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1247727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1247727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1247727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10069522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10069522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10069522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10069522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10069522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10069522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1247777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1247777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1247777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1247777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1247777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1247777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201390.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201390.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201390.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 201390.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201390.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 201390.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8325210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8325210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8325210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 208130.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208130.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 208130.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208130.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 208130.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208130.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148772543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36843.126053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   219.877035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    36.122965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.858895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.141105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       994555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       737301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1731856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1731856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1731856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1731856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1024195020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1024195020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5609456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5609456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1029804476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1029804476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1029804476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1029804476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1004219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1004219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       737364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       737364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1741583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1741583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1741583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1741583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105980.444950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105980.444950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89038.984127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89038.984127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105870.718207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105870.718207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105870.718207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105870.718207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    368400867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368400867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1179297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1179297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    369580164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369580164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    369580164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369580164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97770.930732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97770.930732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84235.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84235.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97720.826018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97720.826018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97720.826018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97720.826018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.110388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1003037182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2034558.178499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.110388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1248224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1248224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1248224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1248224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1248224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10088840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10088840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10088840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10088840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10088840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10088840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1248272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1248272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1248272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 210184.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210184.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 210184.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210184.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 210184.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210184.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8039051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8039051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8039051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8039051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8039051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8039051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211553.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211553.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211553.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211553.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211553.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211553.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148770239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             36751.541255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   219.906095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    36.093905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.859008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.140992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       992851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        992851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       736708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       736708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1729559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1729559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1729559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1729559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1018111126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1018111126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6288531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6288531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1024399657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1024399657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1024399657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1024399657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1002505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1002505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       736765                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       736765                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1739270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1739270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1739270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1739270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105460.029625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105460.029625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110325.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110325.105263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105488.585831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105488.585831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105488.585831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105488.585831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    366147769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366147769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1318248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1318248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    367466017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367466017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    367466017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367466017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96941.426794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96941.426794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87883.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87883.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96905.595200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96905.595200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96905.595200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96905.595200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              548.675746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              919935365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1654560.008993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.344873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.330873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.035809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1238182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1238182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5678356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5678356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5678356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5678356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5678356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5678356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157732.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157732.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157732.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157732.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157732.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157732.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4749145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4749145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4749145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4749145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4749145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4749145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163763.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163763.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163763.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163763.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163763.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163763.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              205254456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35230.768280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   193.153407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    62.846593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.754505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.245495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1846624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1846624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       336699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2183323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2183323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2183323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2183323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19260                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2079627406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2079627406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2608719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2608719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2082236125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2082236125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2082236125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2082236125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1865854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1865854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       336729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2202583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2202583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2202583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2202583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108144.950910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108144.950910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86957.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86957.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108111.948339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108111.948339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108111.948339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108111.948339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    561602900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561602900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       400671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       400671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    562003571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562003571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    562003571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562003571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100935.100647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100935.100647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66778.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66778.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100898.307181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100898.307181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100898.307181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100898.307181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.854790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1005692694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1908335.282732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.854790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1234649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1234649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1234649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1234649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1234649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7773657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7773657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7773657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7773657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7773657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7773657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1234698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1234698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1234698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158646.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158646.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158646.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158646.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158646.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158646.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6029359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6029359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6029359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162955.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162955.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162955.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167224978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22302.611096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.524247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.475753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       854229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       707084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1561313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1561313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2195675868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2195675868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7360348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7360348                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2203036216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2203036216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2203036216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2203036216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       872783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       872783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       707173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1579956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1579956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1579956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1579956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118339.757896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118339.757896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82700.539326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82700.539326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118169.619482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118169.619482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118169.619482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118169.619482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    767814100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    767814100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1000194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1000194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    768814294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    768814294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    768814294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    768814294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106242.438079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106242.438079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66679.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66679.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106160.493510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106160.493510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106160.493510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106160.493510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              571.872505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1030791374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1777226.506897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.510877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.361628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1208593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1208593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1208593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1208593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1208593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9693914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9693914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9693914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9693914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9693914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9693914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1208644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1208644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1208644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 190076.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190076.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 190076.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190076.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 190076.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190076.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7305896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7305896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7305896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7305896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7305896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7305896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 197456.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197456.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 197456.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197456.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 197456.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197456.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              406435775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             48385.211310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.088747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.911253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3159932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3159932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1729906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1729906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4889838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4889838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4889838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4889838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        28827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        28827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3333823823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3333823823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2631353                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2631353                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3336455176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3336455176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3336455176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3336455176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3188730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3188730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1729935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1729935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4918665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4918665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4918665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4918665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115765.810924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115765.810924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90736.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90736.310345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115740.631214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115740.631214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115740.631214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115740.631214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    867404839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    867404839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       681819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       681819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    868086658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    868086658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    868086658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    868086658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106626.286294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106626.286294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 75757.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75757.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106592.173134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106592.173134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106592.173134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106592.173134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.074256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1005693171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1908336.187856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.074256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.043388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1235126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1235126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1235126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1235126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1235126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1235126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7010152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7010152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7010152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7010152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7010152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7010152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1235169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1235169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1235169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1235169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1235169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1235169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163026.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163026.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163026.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163026.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163026.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163026.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5938082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5938082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5938082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5938082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5938082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5938082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160488.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160488.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160488.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160488.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160488.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160488.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167225103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             22275.889570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.592424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.407576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.889033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.110967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       854655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       706797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706797                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1561452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1561452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2197800561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2197800561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7276737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7276737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2205077298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2205077298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2205077298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2205077298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       873246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       706885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1580131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1580131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118218.522995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118218.522995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82690.193182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82690.193182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118051.142888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118051.142888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118051.142888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118051.142888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    765301899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    765301899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       998531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       998531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    766300430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    766300430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    766300430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    766300430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105763.114842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105763.114842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66568.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66568.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105682.034202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105682.034202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105682.034202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105682.034202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              487.093335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1003037414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2047015.130612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.093335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1248456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1248456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1248456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1248456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1248456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9024541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9024541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9024541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9024541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9024541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9024541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1248501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1248501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1248501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200545.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200545.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200545.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200545.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200545.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200545.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7212622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7212622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7212622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7212622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7212622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7212622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206074.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206074.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206074.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206074.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206074.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206074.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148773172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             36743.188936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.896448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.103552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.858971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.141029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       994732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       737784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737784                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1732516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1732516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1732516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1732516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1009649437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1009649437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8334966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8334966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1017984403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1017984403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1017984403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1017984403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1004389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1004389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       737883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       737883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1742272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1742272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1742272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1742272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104551.044527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104551.044527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84191.575758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84191.575758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104344.444752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104344.444752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104344.444752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104344.444752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    362798341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362798341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1387186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1387186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    364185527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364185527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    364185527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364185527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96054.630924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96054.630924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86699.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86699.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96015.166623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96015.166623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96015.166623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96015.166623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              508.633512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999935063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1937858.649225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.633512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1239228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1239228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1239228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1239228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1239228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7534378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7534378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7534378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7534378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7534378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7534378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1239277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1239277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1239277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153762.816327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153762.816327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153762.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153762.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153762.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153762.816327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6442748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6442748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6442748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6442748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6442748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6442748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157140.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157140.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157140.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157140.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157140.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157140.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152468641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34778.430885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.242468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.757532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.872041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.127959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       852599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        852599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       716850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1569449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1569449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1567997260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1567997260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8755338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8755338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1576752598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1576752598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1576752598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1576752598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       865798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       865798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       716955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1582753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1582753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118796.670960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118796.670960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83384.171429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83384.171429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118517.182652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118517.182652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118517.182652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118517.182652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    409919495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409919495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1213078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    411132573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411132573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    411132573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    411132573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99737.103406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99737.103406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67393.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67393.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99596.069041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99596.069041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99596.069041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99596.069041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.091572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              919935538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1654560.320144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.760931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.330642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1238355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1238355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5584661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5584661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5584661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5584661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5584661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5584661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146964.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146964.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146964.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146964.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146964.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146964.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4619539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4619539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4619539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4619539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4619539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4619539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159294.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159294.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159294.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159294.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159294.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159294.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205256303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35315.950275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.705171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.294829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.748848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.251152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1848458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1848458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2185165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2185165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2185165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2185165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2078959719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2078959719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3573441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3573441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2082533160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2082533160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2082533160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2082533160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1867812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1867812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2204549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2204549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2204549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2204549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107417.573577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107417.573577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119114.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119114.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107435.676847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107435.676847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107435.676847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107435.676847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    557783813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557783813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       537454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       537454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    558321267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    558321267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    558321267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    558321267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100501.587928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100501.587928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89575.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89575.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100489.788877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100489.788877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100489.788877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100489.788877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              571.424798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1030791047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1780295.417962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.062902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.361896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1208266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1208266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1208266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1208266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1208266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8243644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8243644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8243644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8243644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8243644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8243644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1208310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1208310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1208310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187355.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187355.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187355.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187355.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187355.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187355.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6811458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6811458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6811458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189207.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189207.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189207.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189207.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189207.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189207.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              406435647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             48414.013937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.083888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.916112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3160057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3160057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1729616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1729616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4889673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4889673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4889673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4889673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        28725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        28725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3323206414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3323206414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2603304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2603304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3325809718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3325809718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3325809718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3325809718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3188752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3188752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1729646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1729646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4918398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4918398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4918398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4918398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115811.340443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115811.340443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86776.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86776.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115781.017163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115781.017163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115781.017163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115781.017163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    866966964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    866966964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       652652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       652652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    867619616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    867619616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    867619616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    867619616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106638.002952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106638.002952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72516.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72516.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106600.272269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106600.272269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106600.272269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106600.272269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              489.047066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1003037252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2026337.882828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.047066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1248294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1248294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1248294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1248294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1248294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9937237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9937237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9937237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9937237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9937237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9937237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1248343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1248343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1248343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202800.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202800.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202800.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202800.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202800.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202800.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8266302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8266302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8266302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 206657.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206657.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 206657.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206657.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 206657.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206657.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148774312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             36743.470487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   219.918337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    36.081663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.859056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.140944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       995429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       738170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1733599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1733599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1733599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1733599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1006112477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1006112477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6676247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6676247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1012788724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1012788724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1012788724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1012788724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1005054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       738237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1743291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1743291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1743291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1743291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104531.166442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104531.166442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99645.477612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99645.477612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104497.392076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104497.392076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104497.392076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104497.392076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    362171335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362171335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1375722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1375722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    363547057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363547057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    363547057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363547057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95914.018803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95914.018803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 80924.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80924.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95846.838123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95846.838123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95846.838123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95846.838123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              549.755210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              919936070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1648630.949821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.093127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.662083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1238887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1238887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1238887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1238887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1238887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5882079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5882079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5882079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5882079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5882079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5882079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1238925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1238925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1238925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154791.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154791.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154791.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154791.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154791.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154791.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4921294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4921294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4921294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4921294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4921294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4921294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158751.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158751.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158751.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158751.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158751.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158751.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205255241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35297.547893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   192.789920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    63.210080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.753086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.246914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1847406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1847406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       336704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2184110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2184110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2184110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2184110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2072064291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2072064291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3380785                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3380785                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2075445076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2075445076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2075445076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2075445076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1866774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1866774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       336735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2203509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2203509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2203509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2203509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106983.905979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106983.905979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109057.580645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109057.580645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106987.219754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106987.219754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106987.219754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106987.219754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    555401266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555401266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       494465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       494465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    555895731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555895731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    555895731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555895731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100000.227944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100000.227944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82410.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82410.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99981.246583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99981.246583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99981.246583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99981.246583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              571.482337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1030791537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1777226.787931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.120117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.362220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.048269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1208756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1208756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1208756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1208756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1208756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7920464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7920464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7920464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7920464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7920464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7920464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1208805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1208805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1208805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161642.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161642.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161642.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161642.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161642.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161642.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6147440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6147440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6147440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6147440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6147440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6147440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166147.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166147.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166147.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166147.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166147.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166147.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406435252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             48425.503634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.078377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.921623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3159524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3159524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1729788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1729788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4889312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4889312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4889312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4889312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        28866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        28866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3334658791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3334658791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2677894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2677894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3337336685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3337336685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3337336685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3337336685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3188360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3188360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1729818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1729818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4918178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4918178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4918178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4918178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115642.210813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115642.210813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89263.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89263.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115614.795434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115614.795434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115614.795434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115614.795434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    868493200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    868493200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       689916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       689916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    869183116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    869183116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    869183116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    869183116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106852.017717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106852.017717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 76657.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76657.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106818.620622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106818.620622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106818.620622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106818.620622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
