
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117580                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117579833676                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644681896584                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 293526                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   373837                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1985027                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59233.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17386545486                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22143610051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2511360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2440448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2506240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1158400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1623936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3958144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4668032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1159040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4670848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2437248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2447104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2441216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1157376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3955072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3950464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4671104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45832320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10538624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10538624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         9050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        30923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        36469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         9055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        36491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         9042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        30899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        30863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        36493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                358065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                82333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21358765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20755668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21315220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        37013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9852030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13811348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33663460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39700958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        37013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9857473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        44634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39724907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20728453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20812276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20762200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9843321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33637333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33598142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39727085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               389797456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        37013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        37013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        44634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             648819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          89629520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               89629520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          89629520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21358765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20755668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21315220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        37013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9852030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13811348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33663460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        43545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39700958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        37013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9857473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        44634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39724907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        38102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20728453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20812276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        37013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20762200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        37013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9843321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33637333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        41368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33598142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39727085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              479426975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20705176                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16978694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8570617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8090555                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123721                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197489025                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117697313                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20705176                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10214276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25881818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5755229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18439951                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12167549                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011538                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245507516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219625698     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2803675      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3234755      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782157      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2067675      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1128367      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         772116      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2009403      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12083670      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245507516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073431                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417417                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195895755                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20063630                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25675893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3677832                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3361951                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18891                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143668873                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93452                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3677832                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196199164                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6708840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     12495057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25575397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       851220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143580335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       224502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       392431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          107                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199497105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668504088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668504088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29205373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37463                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20843                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2280196                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13706129                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7466641                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196900                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660672                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143343787                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37540                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135427269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191604                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17977942                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41611532                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4090                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245507516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188450108     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22942182      9.34%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12326383      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8541747      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7465471      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3827442      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914995      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595488      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443700      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245507516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35881     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124834     42.77%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131132     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113353598     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119552      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12524156      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7413379      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135427269                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480296                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291847                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516845501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161360544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133187958                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135719116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341588                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2422446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          845                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1279                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8295                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4082                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3677832                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6223966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143381445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13706129                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466641                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105682                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1279                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171035                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1137476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2308511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133443211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11761863                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1984054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19173619                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18669866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7411756                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.473260                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133189996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133187958                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79157153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207335769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472355                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20694870                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2034751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241829684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191708569     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23242996      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740841      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856323      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050096      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616153      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356295      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1091958      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166453      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241829684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2166453                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383045321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290443450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3024187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36458513                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.819660                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.819660                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601928622                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184836255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134084264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19354280                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17274536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1541678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12924848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12627825                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1163519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46796                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204422197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            109870446                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19354280                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13791344                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24496749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5048591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8344843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12368300                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1513410                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    240762026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      216265277     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3733818      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1882319      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3690087      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1187349      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3421505      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         539640      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         875686      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9166345      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    240762026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      202498775                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10315249                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24448144                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3480112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1835530                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18125                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    122929322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        34261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3480112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      202717970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6604879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      3015397                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24230759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       712903                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    122749649                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        96060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       544087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    160898258                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    556308435                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    556308435                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    130576125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30322111                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8356                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1645635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     22109902                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3599751                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23678                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       818765                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        122110943                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       114382790                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21957104                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44912716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240762026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190607921     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15781134      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16819591      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9716169      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5022004      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1257564      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494187      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34639      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28817      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240762026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191843     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78955     23.53%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64711     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89715660     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898532      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8156      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20190896     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569546      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    114382790                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469937539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144084907                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111490002                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    114718299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4486623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          298                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82066                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3480112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5794832                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85734                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122127601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22109902                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599751                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8353                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41244                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2323                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          298                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1633979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112933655                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19901353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1449135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23470719                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17170651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3569366                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400522                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            111515330                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           111490002                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67456598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       147007986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.395402                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88822124                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    100018031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22114519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16447                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1531995                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237281914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200037247     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14641444      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9396724      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2957656      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4907585      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959566      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607638      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556259      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3217795      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237281914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     88822124                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    100018031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21140964                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17623279                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8206                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15344141                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        87412341                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1252175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3217795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          356196344                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         247747915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4560744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              41204003                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          88822124                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           100018031                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     88822124                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.174502                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.174502                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.315010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.315010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      524899806                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     145293668                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     130526272                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20718613                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16988697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8567608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8092822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2124216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91050                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197627714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            117773728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20718613                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10217038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25898811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5758371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     18553001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12175773                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    245778760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      219879949     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2806303      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3236731      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1781267      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2071046      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1128437      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         770420      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2009410      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12095197      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    245778760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417688                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      196035101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     20175968                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25693958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       193398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3680329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3365208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18906                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143769185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        93727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3680329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      196337899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6609122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     12708123                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25592849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       850432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143682810                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       223144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       392815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    199634760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    668989690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    668989690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    170406998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29227669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37499                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20878                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2278728                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13720194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7472290                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1663032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143444710                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       135519018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18002546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41677392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245778760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188684794     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22954354      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12335783      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8547225      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7470901      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3830816      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914785      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595787      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       444315      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245778760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35003     12.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125567     43.03%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131228     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113429963     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120637      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16595      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12533281      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7418542      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    135519018                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.480622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291798                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517299714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161486131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133275298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    135810816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       340578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          883                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166705                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8298                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4560                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3680329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6107118                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149028                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143482421                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13720194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7472290                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104438                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1138632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2308775                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133531719                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11768817                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1987294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19185699                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18681714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7416882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            133277255                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           133275298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        79206768                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       207489052                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.472664                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100067558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    122770941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20712612                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33469                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2034886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242098431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191944575     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23257789      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9747087      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5858209      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4055495      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616761      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358301      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092952      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2167262      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242098431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100067558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    122770941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18596891                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11291310                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17570752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       110682808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2497773                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2167262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          383414046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         290647566                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3025784                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              36187269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100067558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           122770941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100067558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.817757                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.817757                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.354892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.354892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      602320740                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     184959218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     134169764                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        33438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              281966027                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       24465066                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20370260                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223023                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9365551                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8958650                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2633026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103216                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212915886                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            134202505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          24465066                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11591676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27978300                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6182173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     19232350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13220023                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2125098                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    264070314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      236092014     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1715786      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2170675      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3445067      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1439919      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1856143      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2163003      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         988803      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       14198904      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    264070314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086766                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.475953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      211671425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     20601986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27845342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        13168                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3938391                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3723213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    164036689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3938391                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      211885551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        682731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     19322205                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27644530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       596899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    163026923                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        86020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       416571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    227720474                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    758142041                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    758142041                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    190662651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       37057690                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        39572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20665                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2098651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15256399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7984593                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90060                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1806741                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        159188175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39717                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       152767156                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19230984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39076040                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1579                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264070314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199334222     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29527532     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12073615      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6766802      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9161592      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2821075      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2775495      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1492573      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117408      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264070314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052264     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142275     10.69%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136149     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128701745     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088764      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18907      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13997276      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7960464      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    152767156                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541793                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1330688                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571086624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178459588                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148797505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    154097844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113621                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2864479                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          715                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3938391                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        518971                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        66055                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159227901                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       125284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15256399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7984593                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20665                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57833                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          715                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1317432                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1248307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2565739                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150110059                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13770485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2657097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21730014                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       21230889                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7959529                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532369                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            148798102                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           148797505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        89153356                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       239479474                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527714                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372280                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110923140                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    136682818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22545626                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38138                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2242000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260131923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202283442     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29316398     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10641779      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5304297      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4853174      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2037701      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2016071      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960144      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718917      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260131923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    110923140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    136682818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20266143                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12391912                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             19026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19812146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       123058677                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2822419                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2718917                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          416640683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         322395403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3227100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              17895713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         110923140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           136682818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    110923140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.541995                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.541995                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393392                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393392                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      675440848                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     207931547                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     151723158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        38106                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21812847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17848373                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2134583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9111685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8595578                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2254790                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97285                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210211048                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            121947216                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21812847                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10850368                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25468854                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5813033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     11222866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12860411                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2135889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    250553491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      225084637     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1192654      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1890141      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2556635      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2630051      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2222500      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1240209      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1845265      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11891399      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    250553491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      208046037                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     13406256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25421494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        29355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3650347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3589680                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    149649057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3650347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      208618723                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1883674                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     10199644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24884769                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1316332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    149590942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       196241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       564575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    208750853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    695894944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    695894944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    181146017                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27604831                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37457                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19648                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3907337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14011070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7589629                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1780165                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        149405754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141966997                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19604                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16393430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39120734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1677                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250553491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190479476     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24699833      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12518818      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9440683      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7416756      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2992703      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890469      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983898      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130855      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250553491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26917     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86425     36.69%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122220     51.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119402384     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2115879      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17805      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12865538      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7565391      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141966997                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503490                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534742651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165837360                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139828950                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142202559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288318                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2242982                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          588                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103158                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3650347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1562319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149443489                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14011070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7589629                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19652                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109316                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          588                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244261                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2440869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139999614                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12105849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1967383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19670940                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19900069                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7565091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139829178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139828950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        80267067                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       216285048                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495907                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105596694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    129935831                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19507680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35912                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2161536                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246903144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193609956     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26406857     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9986424      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4757828      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4001965      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2300684      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017864      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908350      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2913216      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246903144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105596694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    129935831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19254556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11768085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18737063                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       117070591                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2675695                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2913216                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          393432711                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         302537430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3186808                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              31412538                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105596694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           129935831                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105596694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      630116673                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     194786564                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     138727873                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35880                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19852620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16235811                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1941615                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8308080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7841072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2043602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86111                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192807449                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            112616223                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19852620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9884674                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23609552                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5637613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8762981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11856733                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1953978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    228832995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      205223443     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1283508      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2026898      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3220078      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1331574      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1494419      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1588400      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1036398      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11628277      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    228832995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.399396                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      190971996                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10612550                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23536648                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        59244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3652556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3254371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          459                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    137523539                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3652556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      191265572                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2105028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      7634343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23307551                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       867932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    137432909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        39834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       235390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       317906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        67090                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    190798914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    639304344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    639304344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    162946970                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27851944                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35641                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19881                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2542609                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13105497                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7044237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211951                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1595375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137240236                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35743                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       129963662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164252                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17271917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38384266                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3965                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228832995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173992008     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22038265      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12043118      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8195624      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7656147      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2203945      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1718582      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585964      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399342      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228832995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30270     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92222     38.49%     51.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117128     48.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108870384     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2052387      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15756      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12017906      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7007229      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    129963662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.460920                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239620                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489164191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154549329                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127874416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    130203282                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       395187                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2350724                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          362                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1463                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8078                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1302986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117943                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137276134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13105497                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7044237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19870                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87091                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1463                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1135964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106237                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2242201                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128112613                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11303720                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1851049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 155                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18309281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18035140                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7005561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.454355                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            127875326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           127874416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74767201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       195284597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.453510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95714591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    117321997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19954648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31778                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1983140                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225180439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177557301     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23062236     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8978754      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4837668      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3621736      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2022346      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1248551      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1115507      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2736340      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225180439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     95714591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    117321997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17591723                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10754773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15854                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16841035                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       105716011                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2383418                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2736340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          359720107                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         278206063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3125018                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              53133034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          95714591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           117321997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     95714591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.945904                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.945904                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.339454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.339454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      577739016                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     177250202                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     128281969                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31750                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              281966026                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19025655                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17168715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       996005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7112429                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6800753                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1048870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201814780                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            119557355                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19025655                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7849623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23645258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3144761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     28477650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11576848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1000066                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    256061627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      232416369     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         842218      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1721466      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         735025      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3928229      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3506005      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         675553      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1420066      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10816696      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    256061627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.424013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      199675343                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     30630057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23557415                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        75392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2123415                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1669180                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          495                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    140192785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2770                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2123415                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      199945714                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      28491181                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1218947                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23395103                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       887260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    140117177                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       455410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       293536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6165                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    164506205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    659893557                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    659893557                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    145827482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       18678723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16263                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8212                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2067770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     33055692                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     16712956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152233                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       813578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        139843177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       134365485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        76994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10877533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26225132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           95                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256061627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.314930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207782236     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14750063      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11933749      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5159270      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6436498      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6091183      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3462914      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       274989      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170725      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256061627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337537     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2580101     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75398      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84291815     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1173810      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8045      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32218640     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16673175     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    134365485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2993036                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527862627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150740483                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133217267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    137358521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1291247                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          512                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104315                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11848                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2123415                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      27798564                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       268812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139859582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33055692                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16712956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       165601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       579495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       589896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1169391                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133428448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32114692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       937037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           48786245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17485541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         16671553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473208                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            133220727                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           133217267                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        71976352                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       142137198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108239755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    127199514                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12675574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16217                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1017845                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253938212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207620905     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17056967      6.72%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7939759      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7803245      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2163938      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8923621      3.51%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       680823      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497133      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251821      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253938212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    108239755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    127199514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             48373086                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            31764445                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8096                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16797404                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       113110925                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1232080                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1251821                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          392561154                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         281873770                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4327626                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              25904399                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         108239755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           127199514                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    108239755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.605014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.605014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.383875                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.383875                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      659607919                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     154704488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     166906701                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16192                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       24483767                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20383383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223223                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9368404                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8963854                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2635469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103093                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213034889                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            134302638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          24483767                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11599323                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27998484                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6186367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     19095362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13227380                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2125438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    264076559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      236078075     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1717899      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2168366      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3443291      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1442411      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1861588      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2166062      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         991709      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       14207158      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    264076559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      211789442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     20465962                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27865564                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        13212                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3942377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3728574                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    164171198                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3146                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3942377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      212003493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        683354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     19184928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27664997                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       597403                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    163161858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        86343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       416810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    227882785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    758776346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    758776346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    190792239                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       37090524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        39563                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20644                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2100055                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15274742                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7992905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1808919                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        159314022                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39706                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       152887825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19248592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39128315                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1544                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264076559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199295646     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29543217     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12083242      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6769800      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9173281      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2821757      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2777796      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1494521      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117299      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264076559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1051880     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142925     10.74%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136264     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128800241     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2090113      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18919      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14009746      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7968806      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    152887825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.542221                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1331069                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571334278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178603032                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148911228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    154218894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       114149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2874450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          715                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3942377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        519648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65687                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159353737                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       125331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15274742                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7992905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20644                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          715                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1315982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249601                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2565583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150226022                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13781123                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2661801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21748952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       21246693                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7967829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532781                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            148911864                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           148911228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        89221822                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       239690265                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528118                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110998422                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    136775561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22578798                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2242208                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260134182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202249477     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29334501     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10647596      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5307076      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4857327      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2038460      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017073      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960782      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2721890      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260134182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    110998422                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    136775561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20279814                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12400292                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             19038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         19825592                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       123142157                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2824330                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2721890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          416765884                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         322651129                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3227848                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17889470                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         110998422                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           136775561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    110998422                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.540271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.540271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      675958138                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     208076623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     151838038                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        38130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19035522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17177968                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       994882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7166889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6815866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047721                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201928126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            119609009                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19035522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7863587                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23664320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3142080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     28303936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11581844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       999114                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    256018690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      232354370     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         843360      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1731959      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         739747      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3930530      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3497687      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         677779      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1414940      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10828318      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    256018690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424197                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199800928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     30443474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23577390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        75084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2121809                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1669651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          500                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    140269513                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2793                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2121809                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200069812                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      28300523                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1229352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23416144                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       881043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    140190664                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       452855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       291035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6697                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    164548979                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    660219270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    660219270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    145939955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       18609024                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16277                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2050806                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     33079980                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     16735650                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       811585                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        139920000                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16327                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       134484348                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10862344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26100246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256018690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207712303     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14756282      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11931635      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5158705      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6445463      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6098490      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3467391      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277335      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       171086      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256018690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338462     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2582276     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75542      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84353152     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1174314      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8052      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32262988     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16685842     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    134484348                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.476952                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2996280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528068788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150802105                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133328572                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    137480628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1291580                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          511                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3440                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114427                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11859                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2121809                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      27609839                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       267612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139936429                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33079980                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16735650                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       166000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          122                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3440                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       582265                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       586259                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1168524                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133549670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32150030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       934678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           48834227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17496726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         16684197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473637                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133332112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133328572                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        72015895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       142160069                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506583                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108322606                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    127297127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12654855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16229                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1016780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253896881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207552524     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17056411      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7945766      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7812212      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2164852      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8937620      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       678977      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496974      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251545      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253896881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    108322606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    127297127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             48409623                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            31788400                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8102                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16810313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       113197813                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1233074                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1251545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          392596993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         282025972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4330825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              25947339                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         108322606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           127297127                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    108322606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.603021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.603021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384169                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384169                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      660199213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     154817221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     166995544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19322245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17245110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1539534                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12889340                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12604449                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162248                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204090728                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109694714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19322245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13766697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24456722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5041009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8358420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12348058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1511100                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    240398669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      215941947     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3726313      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1880442      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3682323      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1185724      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3415270      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         539005      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         874431      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9153214      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    240398669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068527                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.389035                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      202169206                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     10327017                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24408263                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19490                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3474692                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1833093                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18107                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    122738637                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3474692                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      202388278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6663354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2969676                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24190752                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       711911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122558234                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        94865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       544251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    160649991                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    555461801                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    555461801                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130376771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30273200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8358                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1645071                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22069673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3595755                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       814440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        121919683                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114201412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73755                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21920525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44853474                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240398669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190323224     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15762290      6.56%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16787200      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9698825      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5015110      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1256321      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1492403      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34584      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28712      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240398669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191570     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78723     23.50%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64711     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89577217     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897252      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8146      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20153740     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3565057      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114201412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.405018                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469210250                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143857066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111312173                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114536416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89940                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4478141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          302                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82282                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3474692                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5860018                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121936327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22069673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3595755                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8354                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2301                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          302                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       590971                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1631821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112751062                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19863130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23428014                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17142216                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3564884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.399875                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111337574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111312173                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67348868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       146806345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.394772                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458760                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88679680                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     99862151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22079101                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1529864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236923977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199733970     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14621661      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9382588      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954897      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4898282      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       957764      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607128      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555589      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3212098      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236923977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88679680                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     99862151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21105000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17591527                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15319864                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87277480                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1250682                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3212098                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          355652806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         247359941                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4552115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              41567360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88679680                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            99862151                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88679680                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.179601                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.179601                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314505                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314505                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      524048697                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     145066491                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130314348                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19409235                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17323121                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546381                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12947479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12661688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1166960                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46898                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205038699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110190184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19409235                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13828648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24566823                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5063530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      8204028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12405088                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518020                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    241317999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      216751176     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3744200      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1886810      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3699448      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1191327      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3430496      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         541360      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         878642      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9194540      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    241317999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068835                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      203103039                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     10186576                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24518314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3490269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1841167                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18181                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    123294819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        34306                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3490269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      203323675                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6531235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2955895                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24299224                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       717695                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    123113712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        96155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       548217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    161371526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    557971911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    557971911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    130965441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       30406080                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8388                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1655643                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     22175188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3611130                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24117                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       820370                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        122473226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       114720948                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22022691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45060253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241317999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191014368     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15832793      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16866007      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9741329      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5039650      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261966      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1498271      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34822      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28793      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241317999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192333     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79099     23.52%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64899     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89983236     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       901004      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8182      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20247783     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3580743      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    114720948                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406861                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336331                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    471170740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144512824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111816437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    115057279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4503083                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82204                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3490269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5716838                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        86150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122489936                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22175188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3611130                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8383                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2272                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044798                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593838                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1638636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113263853                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19955729                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1457095                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23536310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17219290                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3580581                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401693                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            111841890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           111816437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        67652126                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       147459440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458785                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89081837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    100313766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22181058                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1536673                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237827730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200470686     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14685821      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9425211      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2968436      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4921002      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962169      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609733      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558412      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226260      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237827730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     89081837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    100313766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21201031                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17672105                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8234                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15389371                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        87671608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1256174                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3226260                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          357095969                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         248482636                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4573206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              40648030                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          89081837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           100313766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     89081837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.165247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.165247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315931                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315931                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      526430396                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     145721461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     130903398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16486                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19354583                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17275659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1543482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12917001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12628845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1163799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204501670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109887354                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19354583                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13792644                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24497742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5053775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8398552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12373462                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1515189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    240899576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      216401834     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3732862      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1882027      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3689065      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1187744      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3421682      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         540786      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         876570      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9167006      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    240899576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389718                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      202577116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     10370016                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24449239                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19707                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3483497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1834520                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18116                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    122945471                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34184                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3483497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      202796311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6707891                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2966770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24231540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       713561                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    122766386                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        96011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       544311                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    160915665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    556389329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    556389329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130565577                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30350067                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16511                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8357                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1647193                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22115632                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3598972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23863                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       818035                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        122126304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114395574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74502                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21978793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44950013                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240899576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190737965     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15788379      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16819018      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9713967      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5024598      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1257347      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1494751      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34783      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28768      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240899576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191828     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78964     23.54%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64716     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89724075     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898304      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8155      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20196360     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3568680      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114395574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335508                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470100730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144121952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111495394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114731082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88938                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4493042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          291                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81725                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3483497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5897335                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85449                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122142963                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22115632                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3598972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8356                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2317                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          291                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592237                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1636326                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112941773                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19904586                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23473113                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17169042                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3568527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400551                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111520955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111495394                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67459138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       147027422                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458820                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88815973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    100010422                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22137452                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1533823                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237416079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200169817     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14643123      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9397549      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2958369      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4906735      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960516      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607620      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556946      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3215404      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237416079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88815973                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    100010422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21139836                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17622590                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8206                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15343037                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87405486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1252013                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3215404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          356348224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         247781989                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4561680                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              41066453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88815973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           100010422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88815973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.174722                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.174722                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.314988                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.314988                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      524940537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     145301179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130542942                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16428                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       24436101                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20346078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2221442                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9482979                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8951546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2632057                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103365                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212718023                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            134053330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          24436101                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11583603                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27950516                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6174501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     19464036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13207586                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2123563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    264067845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      236117329     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1714824      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2168678      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3443905      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1437773      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1856258      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2162334      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         987742      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       14179002      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    264067845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086663                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475424                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      211471738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     20832444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27818046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        13209                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3932406                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3718532                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          576                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    163852960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3026                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3932406                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      211685447                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        681161                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     19555232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27617835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       595757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    162844760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        86518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       415370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    227472636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    757317425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    757317425                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    190482911                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       36989704                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        39826                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2094072                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     15239652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7973117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90073                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1796801                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        159013272                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39968                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       152613414                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151644                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19201321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38992669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1866                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264067845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199402839     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29492979     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12060676      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6754387      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9157093      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2816794      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2774910      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1491216      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       116951      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264067845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1051590     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141844     10.67%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136036     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128571019     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2086761      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18889      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13988007      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7948738      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    152613414                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541248                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1329470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570775786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178255276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148645251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    153942884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2859424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106304                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3932406                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        518459                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65354                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159053249                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15239652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7973117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57113                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1317883                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1243611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2561494                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149958170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13759005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2655243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21707111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       21209149                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7948106                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531831                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            148645652                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           148645251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        89064320                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       239255321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110818459                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    136553829                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22500107                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38102                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2240421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260135439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202343796     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29285880     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10632120      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5298565      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4848595      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2037509      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2013281      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       959141      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2716552      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260135439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    110818459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    136553829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20247041                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12380228                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             19008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         19793416                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       122942572                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2819755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2716552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          416472056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         322040312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3224424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              17898184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         110818459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           136553829                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    110818459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.544396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.544396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393021                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393021                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      674763643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     207719366                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     151553250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        38070                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19866834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16247591                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938381                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8194353                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7834219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2042643                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85840                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192748198                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112758964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19866834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9876862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23626271                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5649035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8805710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11853483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1951412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    228847917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      205221646     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1283912      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2022800      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3220172      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1334147      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1487513      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1593887      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1036061      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11647779      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    228847917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070458                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.399903                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      190910509                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     10657495                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23553246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        59391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3667275                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3257090                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    137679276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2853                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3667275                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      191205089                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2141180                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7639080                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23323337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       871943                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    137590044                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        41349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       235655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       319497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        68995                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    191008664                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    640071300                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    640071300                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    162944842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28063805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19730                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2549568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13106974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7049647                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1600288                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        137394034                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       130011075                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164439                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17428432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38942417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3811                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228847917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174007377     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22029869      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12029449      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8203822      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7667474      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2204446      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1720366      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584392      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400722      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228847917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30192     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92296     38.51%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117153     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108906718     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2057189      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15756      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12018740      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7012672      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    130011075                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.461088                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239641                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489274147                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154859495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127925358                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130250716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2352328                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          344                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1467                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212768                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667275                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1343587                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117598                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137429769                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13106974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7049647                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19716                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86481                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1467                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1132045                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2239301                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128163255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11300374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1847820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18311327                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18036901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7010953                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454534                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            127926203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           127925358                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74791435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       195395811                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95713379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    117320507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20109774                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31778                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1979853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225180642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177562053     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23061131     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8974728      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4837850      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3620246      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2022868      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1248427      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1116228      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2737111      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225180642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95713379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    117320507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17591521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10754642                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15854                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16840810                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105714684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2383391                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2737111                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          359873175                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         278528080                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3123407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              53118112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95713379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           117320507                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95713379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.945942                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.945942                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339450                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339450                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      577946846                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     177314593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128427018                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31750                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19833173                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16219484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938840                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8271061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7829422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2040350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192565969                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            112517560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19833173                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9869772                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23582895                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5635436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8851666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11841946                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1951142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    228654209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      205071314     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1281827      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2021519      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3215138      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1330749      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1490995      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1587489      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1036486      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11618692      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    228654209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070339                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399047                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      190727674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     10703989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23510127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        59193                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3653225                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3251861                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    137394852                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2973                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3653225                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      191022040                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2163456                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      7668257                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23280085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       867133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    137304679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        34388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       234983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       318632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        65690                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    190617396                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    638711775                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    638711775                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    162743721                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27873668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19744                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2545637                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13087867                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7037528                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211753                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1596495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137111651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       129815561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163997                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17289273                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38475157                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3846                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228654209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173879462     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22007131      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12030089      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8187449      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7648543      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199564      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1718796      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584263      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398912      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228654209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30246     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        91792     38.40%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116992     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108747520     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2051117      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15736      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12001357      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6999831      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    129815561                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460394                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239030                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488688358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154437943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127729255                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    130054591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       393698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2346488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1460                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       209078                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8077                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653225                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1356158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117895                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137147391                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13087867                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7037528                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19731                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87124                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1460                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1134183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1105727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2239910                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127967169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11288933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848392                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 156                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18287006                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18014171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6998073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453839                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            127730127                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           127729255                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        74681313                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       195067150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452995                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382849                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95595249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    117175792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19972226                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31738                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1980284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225000984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177435829     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23033512     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8968113      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4833074      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3616831      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2020258      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1247072      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1114574      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2731721      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225000984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     95595249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    117175792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17569826                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10741376                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16820020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       105584297                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2380452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2731721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          359416644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         277949500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3121296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              53311820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          95595249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           117175792                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     95595249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.949582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.949582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.339031                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.339031                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      577076283                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     177046575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128164250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        31710                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              281966029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19059274                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17201970                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7110414                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6820269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046904                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202103436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            119740289                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19059274                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7867173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23692578                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3158027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     28253941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11594809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    256184760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      232492182     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         841699      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1737165      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         741518      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3932236      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3500115      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         676062      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1416763      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10847020      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    256184760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424662                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      200012080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     30357877                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23605139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        75364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2134295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1669310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    140454254                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2846                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2134295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      200280980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      28232157                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1213997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23443499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       879825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    140373613                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       449824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       291299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6411                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    164771657                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    661051786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    661051786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    146031594                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       18740045                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16260                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2049554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     33118434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     16750041                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152264                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       809642                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        140094249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16308                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       134610487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        87789                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10952905                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26362002                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256184760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207843392     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14765357      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11931495      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5164704      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6451152      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6108226      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3471930      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277322      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       171182      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256184760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338198     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2588058     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75565      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84439970     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1175220      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8056      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32290159     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16697082     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    134610487                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477400                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3001821                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528495342                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151066904                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133444402                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    137612308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1309415                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          514                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3447                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118114                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11862                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2134295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      27547783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       261619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140110648                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1395                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33118434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16750041                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       162590                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           99                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3447                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       582849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       590272                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1173121                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133669768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32174258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       940717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           48869670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17509681                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         16695412                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474063                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            133447878                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           133444402                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        72083527                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       142294342                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506580                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108391311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    127377676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12748713                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1020213                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254050465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207676740     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17072855      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7948353      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7814117      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2161879      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8944462      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       681526      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497482      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1253051      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254050465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    108391311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    127377676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             48440932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            31809010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8106                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16820951                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       113269367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1233820                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1253051                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          392923478                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         282387258                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4338547                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              25781269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         108391311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           127377676                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    108391311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.601371                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.601371                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384413                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384413                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      660749763                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     154959561                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     167157138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19670                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.530715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.674924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.026615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.539824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1657.085809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         355.878467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.809124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.173769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36641                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36642                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19620                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19656                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16711347098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16792088253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4483550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4483550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16715830648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16796571803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16715830648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16796571803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             56137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.031056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 851967.733775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854515.711821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       896710                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       896710                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 851979.135984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854526.445004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 851979.135984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854526.445004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10599                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10599                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14988785099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15066364485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4044261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4044261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14992829360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15070408746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14992829360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15070408746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 764149.125618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766697.088443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 808852.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808852.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 764160.517839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766707.811661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 764160.517839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766707.811661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        19101                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.839990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         160614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        21149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.594402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.627310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.426049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1672.695635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         344.090996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.816746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.168013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 36174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6504                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6504                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  36246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36245                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 36246                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               19100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                19100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19066                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               19100                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56569163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15248034428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15304603591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56569163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15248034428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    15304603591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56569163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15248034428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   15304603591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             55274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6504                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6504                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              55346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             55346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663798.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799750.048673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801288.146126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663798.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799750.048673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801288.146126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663798.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799750.048673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801288.146126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2545                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2545                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           19100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          19100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53583082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13573383849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13626966931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53583082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13573383849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13626966931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53583082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13573383849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13626966931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1575973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711915.653467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713453.766021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1575973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711915.653467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713453.766021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1575973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711915.653467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713453.766021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        19628                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.542604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         231763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        21676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        10.692148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.920714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.594621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1661.191011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         351.836258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.811128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.171795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 36421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               19879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  36579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36578                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 36579                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               19613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                19616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19580                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               19616                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73480664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16635671763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16709152427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1550079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1550079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73480664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16637221842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    16710702506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73480664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16637221842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   16710702506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             56034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           19879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        56158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              56195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        56158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             56195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.018634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2041129.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849755.925985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851942.712844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       516693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       516693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2041129.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849704.894893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851891.440967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2041129.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849704.894893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851891.440967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              10594                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   10594                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           19616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          19616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70319864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14916508825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14986828689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1286679                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1286679                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70319864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14917795504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14988115368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70319864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14917795504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14988115368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.018634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1953329.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761940.482454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764127.297660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       428893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       428893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1953329.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761889.453728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764076.028140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1953329.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761889.453728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764076.028140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         9084                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.228708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         217970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        11132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        19.580489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.077113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.862407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1403.286824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         601.002364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.685199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.293458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 29758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9282                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9282                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  29983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29981                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 29983                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                9084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 9084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9050                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                9084                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99035239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7383266867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7482302106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99035239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7383266867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     7482302106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99035239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7383266867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    7482302106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             38842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9282                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9282                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              39067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             39067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2912801.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 815830.593039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823679.227873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2912801.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 815830.593039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823679.227873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2912801.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 815830.593039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823679.227873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4783                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4783                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            9084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           9084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96050039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6588451018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6684501057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96050039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6588451018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6684501057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96050039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6588451018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6684501057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2825001.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728005.637348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735854.365588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2825001.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728005.637348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735854.365588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2825001.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728005.637348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735854.365588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        12735                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.441678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         195624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        14783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.233038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.945570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.163057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1529.072993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         486.260059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.746618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.237432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 30342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  30507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30505                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 30507                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               12731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                12731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12688                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               12731                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73040826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10313294827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10386335653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73040826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10313294827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    10386335653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73040826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10313294827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   10386335653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             43073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              43238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             43238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698623.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812838.495192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815830.308145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698623.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812838.495192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815830.308145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698623.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812838.495192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815830.308145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5585                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5585                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           12730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          12730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9196986336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9266249836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69263500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9196986336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9266249836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69263500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9196986336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9266249836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610779.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724914.190589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727906.507148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610779.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724914.190589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727906.507148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610779.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724914.190589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727906.507148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        30971                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.602962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         166328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        33019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.037342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.060505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.588764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1659.028681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         372.925013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.810073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.182092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 38886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  38987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38986                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 38987                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               30933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                30961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30923                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               30961                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56572188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28518124175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28574696363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27156521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27156521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56572188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28545280696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    28601852884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56572188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28545280696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   28601852884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             69819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              69948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             69948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1488741.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 923066.003399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923760.914331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 969875.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969875.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1488741.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 923108.388449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923802.618908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1488741.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 923108.388449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923802.618908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4615                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4615                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           30961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          30961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53235788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25805205083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25858440871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     24698121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24698121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53235788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25829903204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25883138992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53235788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25829903204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25883138992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.442332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1400941.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 835255.060139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835949.984515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 882075.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882075.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1400941.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 835297.455098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835991.698976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1400941.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 835297.455098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835991.698976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        36509                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.938023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         205302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        38557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.324636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.551603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.759119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1822.906172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         219.721130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.107286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        42781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 42782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13559                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               13559                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        42809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  42810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        42809                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 42810                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               36462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                36509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36469                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               36509                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72603371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34739472893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34812076264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     63131805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63131805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72603371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34802604698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    34875208069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72603371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34802604698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   34875208069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        79203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             79244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           13559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        79278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              79319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        79278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             79319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.459856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1815084.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 953804.648097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954749.499863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1343229.893617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1343229.893617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1815084.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 954306.526036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955249.611575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1815084.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 954306.526036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955249.611575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5729                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5729                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           36509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          36509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69091371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31540777509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31609868880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59005159                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59005159                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69091371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31599782668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31668874039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69091371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31599782668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31668874039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.459856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727284.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 865981.481220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866926.358401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1255428.914894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1255428.914894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727284.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866483.387754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867426.498644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727284.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 866483.387754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867426.498644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         9089                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.230658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         218020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        11137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        19.576187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.865046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1403.285661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         601.001781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.685198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.293458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        29788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 29790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9300                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9300                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  30015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30013                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 30015                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                9089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 9089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9055                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                9089                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112890627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7298164239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7411054866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112890627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7298164239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     7411054866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112890627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7298164239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    7411054866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        38843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             38879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9300                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9300                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              39104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             39104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3320312.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 805981.693981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815387.266586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3320312.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 805981.693981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815387.266586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3320312.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 805981.693981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815387.266586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            9089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           9089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109905427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6503066913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6612972340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109905427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6503066913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6612972340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109905427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6503066913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6612972340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3232512.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 718174.148316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727579.749147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3232512.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 718174.148316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727579.749147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3232512.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 718174.148316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727579.749147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        36532                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.938291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         205377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        38580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.323406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.608015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.751941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1823.060998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         219.517337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.890167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.107186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 42786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               13631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  42814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42813                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 42814                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               36484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                36532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36491                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               36532                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71292596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34536916152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34608208748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     72161602                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     72161602                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71292596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34609077754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    34680370350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71292596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34609077754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   34680370350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             79270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           13631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              79346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             79346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.631579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.631579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1738843.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 947696.845814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948585.921171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1503366.708333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1503366.708333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1738843.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 948427.769971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949314.856838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1738843.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 948427.769971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949314.856838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5735                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5735                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           36532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          36532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67691797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31336724804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31404416601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67945884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67945884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67691797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31404670688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31472362485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67691797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31404670688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31472362485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.631579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1651019.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 859883.236945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860772.300214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1415539.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1415539.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1651019.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860614.142885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861501.217700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1651019.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860614.142885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861501.217700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        19077                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.843616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         160671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        21125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.605728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.561363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.482358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1671.751130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         344.048765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.816285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.167993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 36134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6601                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                6601                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  36203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36202                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 36203                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               19076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                19076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19041                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               19076                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15458218100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15534868231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15458218100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    15534868231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76650131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15458218100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   15534868231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             55210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6601                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            6601                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              55279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             55279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 811838.564151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814367.175037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 811838.564151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814367.175037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2190003.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 811838.564151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814367.175037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2537                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2537                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           19076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          19076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73566541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13785051384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13858617925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73566541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13785051384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13858617925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73566541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13785051384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13858617925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101901.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723966.776115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726494.963567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101901.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723966.776115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726494.963567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2101901.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 723966.776115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726494.963567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        19153                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.837950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         160819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        21201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.585444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.619214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.538125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1671.671812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         345.008800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.816246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.168461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        36344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 36345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6538                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6538                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        36418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  36419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        36418                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 36419                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               19152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                19152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               19152                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62011487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14969729017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15031740504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62011487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14969729017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    15031740504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62011487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14969729017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   15031740504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             55497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              55571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             55571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1823867.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 783017.523643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784865.314536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1823867.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 783017.523643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784865.314536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1823867.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 783017.523643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784865.314536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           19152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          19152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59026287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13290958420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13349984707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59026287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13290958420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13349984707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59026287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13290958420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13349984707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736067.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695206.528926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697054.339338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736067.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695206.528926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697054.339338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736067.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695206.528926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697054.339338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        19107                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.848980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         160712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        21155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.596880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.555530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.387457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1672.363284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         343.542709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.816584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.167745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 36181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6595                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6595                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  36251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36250                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 36251                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               19106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                19106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               19106                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59394110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15255562022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15314956132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59394110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15255562022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    15314956132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59394110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15255562022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   15314956132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             55287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6595                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6595                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              55357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             55357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1746885.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799893.142932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801578.359259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1746885.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799893.142932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801578.359259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1746885.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799893.142932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801578.359259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           19106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          19106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56408226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13580476206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13636884432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56408226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13580476206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13636884432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56408226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13580476206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13636884432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1659065.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 712063.559459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713748.792631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1659065.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 712063.559459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713748.792631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1659065.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 712063.559459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713748.792631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         9076                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.226533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         217879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        11124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        19.586390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.075527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.864556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1403.157076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         601.129374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.685135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.293520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 29686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9263                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                9263                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  29911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        29909                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 29911                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                9076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 9076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9042                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                9076                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104306956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7476333835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7580640791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104306956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7476333835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     7580640791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104306956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7476333835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    7580640791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             38762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9263                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            9263                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              38987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             38987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3067851.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 826845.148750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 835240.281071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3067851.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 826845.148750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 835240.281071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3067851.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 826845.148750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 835240.281071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4778                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4778                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            9076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           9076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101321756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6682161518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6783483274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101321756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6682161518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6783483274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    101321756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6682161518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6783483274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2980051.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739013.660473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747408.910754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2980051.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739013.660473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747408.910754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2980051.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739013.660473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747408.910754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        30952                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.607509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         166299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        33000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.039364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.161691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.177735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1658.543838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         372.724245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.809836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.181994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38960                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38961                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               30915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                30942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30899                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               30942                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76269592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28508971390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28585240982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22292240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22292240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76269592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28531263630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    28607533222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76269592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28531263630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   28607533222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             69775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              69903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             69903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.210938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.210938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1773711.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923457.223050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924639.850623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 825638.518519                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825638.518519                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1773711.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923371.747629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924553.462026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1773711.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923371.747629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924553.462026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4615                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4615                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           30942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          30942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72493666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25797889175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25870382841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19921024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19921024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72493666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25817810199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25890303865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72493666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25817810199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25890303865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.210938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1685899.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835640.359387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836822.993401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 737815.703704                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737815.703704                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1685899.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835554.878766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836736.599606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1685899.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835554.878766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836736.599606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        30911                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.602006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         166237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        32959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.043751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.060209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.680743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1659.955703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         371.905351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.810525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.181594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 38817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8063                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8063                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  38918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38917                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 38918                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               30873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                30901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30863                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               30901                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62466490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28567695044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28630161534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30273722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30273722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62466490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28597968766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    28660435256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62466490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28597968766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   28660435256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             69690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              69819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             69819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1643855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 926469.759818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927352.752697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1081204.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1081204.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1643855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 926610.140492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927492.160642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1643855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 926610.140492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927492.160642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4608                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4608                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           30901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          30901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59130090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25859718036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25918848126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27813792                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27813792                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59130090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25887531828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25946661918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59130090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25887531828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25946661918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1556055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 838648.225588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839531.244971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 993349.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993349.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1556055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 838788.576224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839670.622892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1556055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 838788.576224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839670.622892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        36535                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.939648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         205420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        38583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.324106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.550999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     1.869564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1824.179054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         218.340030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.890712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.106611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 42813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               13647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  42840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42839                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 42840                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               36487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                36535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36493                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               36535                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34335493717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34410674382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     78660651                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     78660651                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34414154368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    34489335033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75180665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34414154368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   34489335033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             79300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           13647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              79375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             79375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.640000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.640000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 942118.087996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943094.098775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1638763.562500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638763.562500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 943034.400241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944008.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790015.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 943034.400241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944008.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5735                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5735                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           36535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          36535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31135329348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31206822413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74446251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74446251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31209775599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31281268664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71493065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  31209775599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31281268664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854310.038359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855286.058404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1550963.562500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550963.562500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855226.361193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856200.045545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1702215.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855226.361193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856200.045545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.288969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012175590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950241.984586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.288969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12167498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12167498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12167498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12167498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12167498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12167498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12167549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12167549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12167549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12167549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12167549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12167549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56261                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172661123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3055.029867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.818130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.181870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8583127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8583127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17772                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17772                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15842381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15842381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15842381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15842381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       197419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       197419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  80986032396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80986032396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3513789740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3513789740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84499822136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84499822136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84499822136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84499822136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8774922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8774922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16039800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16039800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16039800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16039800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 422253.095211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422253.095211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 624784.804410                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 624784.804410                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 428022.744194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428022.744194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 428022.744194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428022.744194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47230706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 486914.494845                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19273338393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19273338393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     14620437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14620437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19287958830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19287958830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19287958830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19287958830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 343553.269037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343553.269037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90810.167702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90810.167702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342830.003555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342830.003555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342830.003555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342830.003555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.495272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931065432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1656700.056940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.343818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.151454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12368249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12368249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12368249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12368249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12368249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12368249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68051091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68051091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68051091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68051091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68051091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68051091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12368300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12368300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12368300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12368300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12368300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12368300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334335.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1334335.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334335.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1334335.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334335.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1334335.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56940772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56940772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56940772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56940772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56940772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56940772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626879.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626879.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626879.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626879.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626879.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626879.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                55311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224756059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                55567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4044.775838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.877272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.122728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.792489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.207511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18169253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18169253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3500757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3500757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21670010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21670010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21670010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21670010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       195676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       195676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  87983521849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87983521849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27609664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27609664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88011131513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88011131513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88011131513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88011131513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18364610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18364610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3501076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3501076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21865686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21865686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21865686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21865686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450373.018878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450373.018878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86550.670846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86550.670846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449779.898981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449779.898981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449779.898981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449779.898981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17778198258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17778198258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4695910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4695910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17782894168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17782894168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17782894168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17782894168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321841.421061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321841.421061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65220.972222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65220.972222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321507.370469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321507.370469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321507.370469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321507.370469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.235865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1012183814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1950257.830443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.235865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12175722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12175722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12175722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12175722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12175722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12175722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    108564737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108564737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    108564737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108564737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    108564737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108564737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12175773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12175773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12175773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12175773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12175773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12175773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2128720.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2128720.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2128720.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2128720.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2128720.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2128720.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73884044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73884044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73884044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73884044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73884044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73884044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1996866.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1996866.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1996866.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1996866.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1996866.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1996866.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                56158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172672106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                56414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3060.802389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.816683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.183317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8589184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8589184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7264168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7264168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17775                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17775                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15853352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15853352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15853352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15853352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       191433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       197034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       197034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       197034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       197034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  81083552211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81083552211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3688588455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3688588455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  84772140666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84772140666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  84772140666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84772140666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8780617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8780617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7269769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7269769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16050386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16050386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16050386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16050386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 423560.996333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423560.996333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 658558.910016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 658558.910016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 430241.180030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430241.180030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 430241.180030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430241.180030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     52835357                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 539136.295918                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           19879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       135436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        56158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        56158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19193653291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19193653291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11834650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11834650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19205487941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19205487941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19205487941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19205487941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 342762.171027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342762.171027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73507.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73507.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341990.240767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341990.240767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341990.240767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341990.240767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.715132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1015008933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2067227.969450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.715132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.055633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13219975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13219975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13219975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13219975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13219975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13219975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145487432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145487432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145487432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145487432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145487432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145487432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13220021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13220021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13220021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13220021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13220021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13220021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3162770.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3162770.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3162770.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3162770.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3162770.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3162770.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2576006                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 858668.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99465880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99465880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99465880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99465880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99465880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99465880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2762941.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2762941.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2762941.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2762941.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2762941.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2762941.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                39031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              165453305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                39287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4211.400845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.558359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.441641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     10543461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10543461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7833466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7833466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20367                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20367                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18376927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       18376927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18376927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      18376927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       100554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       102828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       102828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       102828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       102828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22498251362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22498251362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    146838910                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146838910                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22645090272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22645090272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22645090272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22645090272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10644015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10644015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7835740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7835740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18479755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18479755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18479755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18479755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223742.977525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223742.977525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64572.959543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64572.959543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220222.996382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220222.996382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220222.996382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220222.996382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     7.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9282                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        61748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        63797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        63797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9393495985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9393495985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16413902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16413902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9409909887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9409909887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9409909887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9409909887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242062.979565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242062.979565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72950.675556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72950.675556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241088.106556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241088.106556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241088.106556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241088.106556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.668879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011556185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945300.355769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    43.668879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.069982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12860350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12860350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12860350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12860350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12860350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12860350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99029590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99029590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99029590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99029590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99029590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99029590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12860411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12860411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12860411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12860411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12860411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12860411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623435.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1623435.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623435.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1623435.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623435.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1623435.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73533086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73533086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73533086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73533086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73533086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73533086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1634068.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634068.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1634068.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634068.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1634068.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634068.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                43193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167236042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                43449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3849.019356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.433190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.566810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8851939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8851939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7451030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7451030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17940                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17940                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16302969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16302969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16302969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16302969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       138477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       139458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       139458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46574656074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46574656074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46657452750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46657452750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46657452750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46657452750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8990416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8990416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7452011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7452011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16442427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16442427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16442427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16442427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336334.958686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336334.958686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334562.755453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334562.755453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334562.755453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334562.755453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12396546879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12396546879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12407208523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12407208523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12407208523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12407208523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288104.185159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288104.185159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287250.446207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287250.446207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287250.446207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287250.446207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              527.576341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1016314716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1921199.841210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.576341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.060218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11856671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11856671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11856671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11856671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11856671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11856671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84476757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84476757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84476757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84476757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84476757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84476757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11856733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11856733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11856733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11856733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11856733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11856733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1362528.338710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1362528.338710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1362528.338710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1362528.338710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1362528.338710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1362528.338710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56983344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56983344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56983344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56983344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     56983344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56983344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1461111.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1461111.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1461111.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1461111.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1461111.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1461111.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                69909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              180714241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                70165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2575.561049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.120793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.879207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8214612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8214612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6803971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6803971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15875                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15875                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15018583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15018583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15018583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15018583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       183065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       183065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       183065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       183065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  79416507001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79416507001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    356411955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    356411955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  79772918956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79772918956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  79772918956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79772918956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8396770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8396770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6804878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6804878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15201648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15201648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15201648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15201648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 435975.949456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435975.949456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 392956.951488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 392956.951488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 435762.810783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435762.810783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 435762.810783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435762.810783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       335495                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 167747.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       112378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       113156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       113156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31328795032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31328795032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33908145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33908145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31362703177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31362703177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31362703177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31362703177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 448965.248381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448965.248381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 262853.837209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262853.837209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 448621.825187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448621.825187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 448621.825187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448621.825187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              580.229353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1041159570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1782807.482877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.192307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.037047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11576789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11576789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11576789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11576789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11576789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11576789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100474119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100474119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100474119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100474119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100474119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100474119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11576848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11576848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11576848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11576848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11576848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11576848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1702951.169492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1702951.169492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1702951.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1702951.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1702951.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1702951.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        38435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        38435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73000413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73000413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73000413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73000413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73000413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73000413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1780497.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1780497.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1780497.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1780497.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1780497.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1780497.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                79278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              448446485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                79534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5638.424887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.908147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.091853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     30294109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30294109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16591923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16591923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8096                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8096                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     46886032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       46886032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     46886032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      46886032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       290997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       291290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       291290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       291290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       291290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 143740773445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143740773445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    230580373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    230580373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 143971353818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143971353818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 143971353818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143971353818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     30585106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30585106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16592216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16592216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8096                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8096                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     47177322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47177322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     47177322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47177322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 493959.640288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493959.640288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 786963.730375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786963.730375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494254.364441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494254.364441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494254.364441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494254.364441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           13559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       211794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       212012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       212012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       212012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       212012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        79203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        79278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        79278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  37963617195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37963617195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65384356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65384356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  38029001551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38029001551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  38029001551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38029001551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479320.444870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479320.444870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871791.413333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871791.413333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479691.737317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479691.737317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479691.737317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479691.737317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              489.715625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1015016288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2067242.949084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.715625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13227330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13227330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13227330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13227330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13227330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13227330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    165151595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165151595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    165151595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165151595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    165151595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165151595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13227377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13227377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13227377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13227377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13227377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13227377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3513863.723404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3513863.723404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3513863.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3513863.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3513863.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3513863.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3886216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       971554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113302108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113302108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113302108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113302108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113302108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113302108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3147280.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3147280.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3147280.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3147280.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3147280.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3147280.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                39068                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              165466520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                39324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4207.774387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.557495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.442505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     10551422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10551422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7838733                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7838733                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20342                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20342                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18390155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       18390155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18390155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      18390155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       100681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       102955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       102955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       102955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       102955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22350818512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22350818512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    146843345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146843345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22497661857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22497661857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22497661857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22497661857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10652103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10652103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7841007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7841007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18493110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18493110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18493110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18493110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221996.389706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 221996.389706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64574.909850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64574.909850                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218519.371152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218519.371152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218519.371152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218519.371152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           69                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        61838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        63887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        63887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        38843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9310386085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9310386085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16412687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16412687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9326798772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9326798772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9326798772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9326798772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239692.765363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239692.765363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72945.275556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72945.275556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 238732.435036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238732.435036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 238732.435036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238732.435036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              581.143201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1041164567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1779768.490598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    40.106147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.037053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.064273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11581786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11581786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11581786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11581786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11581786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11581786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96659725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96659725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96659725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96659725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96659725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96659725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11581844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11581844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11581844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11581844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11581844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11581844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666546.982759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1666546.982759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666546.982759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1666546.982759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1666546.982759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1666546.982759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71699011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71699011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71699011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71699011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71699011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71699011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1707119.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707119.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1707119.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707119.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1707119.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1707119.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                79304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              448494107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                79560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5637.180832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.909021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.090979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     30329141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30329141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16604500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16604500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     46933641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       46933641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     46933641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      46933641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       290621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       290906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       290906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       290906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       290906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143192981612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143192981612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    266582987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    266582987                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143459564599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143459564599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143459564599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143459564599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     30619762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30619762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16604785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16604785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47224547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47224547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47224547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47224547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492713.814941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492713.814941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 935378.901754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935378.901754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493147.493001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493147.493001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493147.493001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493147.493001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           13631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       211393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       211602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       211602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37761835211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37761835211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     74435435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74435435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37836270646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37836270646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37836270646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37836270646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 476622.345774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476622.345774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 979413.618421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 979413.618421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 477104.189524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477104.189524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 477104.189524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477104.189524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.835965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931045188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1653721.470693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.684624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.151340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12348005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12348005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12348005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12348005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12348005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12348005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93868612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93868612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12348058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12348058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12348058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12348058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12348058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12348058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1771105.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77022660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77022660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2139518.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224716785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4049.024036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.387914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.612086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.790578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.209422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18134153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18134153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3496594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3496594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21630747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21630747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21630747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21630747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       194897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       195188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       195188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       195188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  89016793244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89016793244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25142241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25142241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  89041935485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89041935485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  89041935485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89041935485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18329050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18329050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3496885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496885                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8279                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8205                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21825935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21825935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21825935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21825935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456737.626767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456737.626767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86399.453608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86399.453608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456185.500569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456185.500569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456185.500569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456185.500569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       139945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17985647144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17985647144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4485906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4485906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17990133050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17990133050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17990133050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17990133050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325980.482546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325980.482546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65013.130435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65013.130435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325654.527270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325654.527270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 325654.527270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325654.527270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.511182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              931102217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1656765.510676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.283749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.227433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12405034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12405034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12405034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12405034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12405034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12405034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88636439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88636439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88636439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88636439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88636439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88636439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12405088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12405088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12405088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12405088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12405088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12405088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1641415.537037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1641415.537037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1641415.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1641415.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1641415.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1641415.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62384633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62384633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62384633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62384633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62384633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62384633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782418.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782418.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782418.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782418.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782418.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782418.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                55536                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224817282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                55792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4029.561263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.017625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.982375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.789131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.210869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18219247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18219247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3511929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3511929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21731176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21731176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21731176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21731176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       195827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       196162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       196162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       196162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       196162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  86111079695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86111079695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28962422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28962422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  86140042117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86140042117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  86140042117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86140042117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18415074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18415074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3512264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3512264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21927338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21927338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21927338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21927338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439730.372701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439730.372701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86454.991045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86454.991045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439127.058844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439127.058844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439127.058844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439127.058844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17511579657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17511579657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4801843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4801843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17516381500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17516381500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17516381500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17516381500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315740.140222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315740.140222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64889.770270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64889.770270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315405.889873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315405.889873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315405.889873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315405.889873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.506098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931070594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1656709.241993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.316214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.189884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12373411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12373411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12373411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12373411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12373411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12373411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68320540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68320540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68320540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68320540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68320540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68320540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12373462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12373462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12373462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12373462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12373462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12373462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339618.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1339618.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339618.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1339618.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1339618.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1339618.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59789019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59789019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59789019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59789019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59789019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59789019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1708257.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708257.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1708257.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708257.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1708257.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708257.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224760634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4044.057613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   203.154464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    52.845536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.793572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.206428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18174245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18174245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3500335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3500335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21674580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21674580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21674580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21674580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       195698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       195698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87769589478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87769589478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26337815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26337815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87795927293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87795927293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87795927293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87795927293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18369640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18369640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3500638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3500638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8214                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21870278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21870278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21870278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21870278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449190.560035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449190.560035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86923.481848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86923.481848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448629.660462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448629.660462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448629.660462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448629.660462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17786564529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17786564529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4606224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4606224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17791170753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17791170753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17791170753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17791170753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321917.116647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321917.116647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65803.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65803.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321593.050739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321593.050739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321593.050739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321593.050739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              489.714411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1014996496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2067202.639511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.714411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.055632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13207538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13207538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13207538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13207538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13207538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13207538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151694431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151694431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151694431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151694431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151694431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151694431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13207584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13207584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13207584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13207584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13207584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13207584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3297705.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3297705.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3297705.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3297705.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3297705.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3297705.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3237086                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809271.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104741891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104741891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104741891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104741891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104741891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104741891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2909496.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2909496.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2909496.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2909496.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2909496.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2909496.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                38951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              165437177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                39207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4219.582651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.560301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.439699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     10534471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10534471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7826084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7826084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20629                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20629                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18360555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       18360555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18360555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      18360555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       100451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       102725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       102725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       102725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       102725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22721039587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22721039587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    146924452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146924452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22867964039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22867964039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22867964039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22867964039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10634922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10634922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7828358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7828358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19035                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19035                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18463280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18463280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18463280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18463280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226190.277717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226190.277717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64610.576957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64610.576957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 222613.424570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222613.424570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 222613.424570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222613.424570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    11.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        61725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        63774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        63774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9481712892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9481712892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16413637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16413637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9498126529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9498126529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9498126529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9498126529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244841.008418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244841.008418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72949.497778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72949.497778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243848.079099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243848.079099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243848.079099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243848.079099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              531.039689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1016311465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1903204.990637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.939479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.100210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.851025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11853420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11853420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11853420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11853420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11853420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11853420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104076045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104076045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104076045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104076045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104076045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104076045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11853483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11853483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11853483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11853483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11853483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11853483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1652000.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1652000.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1652000.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1652000.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1652000.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1652000.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76707093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76707093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76707093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76707093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76707093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76707093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1743343.022727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743343.022727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1743343.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743343.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1743343.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743343.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                69859                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180714867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                70115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2577.406646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.122486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.877514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8215470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8215470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6803919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6803919                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15875                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15875                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15019389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15019389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15019389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15019389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       181596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          888                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79230849932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79230849932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    313640412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    313640412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79544490344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79544490344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79544490344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79544490344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8397066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8397066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6804807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6804807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19538                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19538                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15201873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15201873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15201873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15201873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 436302.836692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436302.836692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 353198.662162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 353198.662162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435898.436816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435898.436816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435898.436816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435898.436816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31317671441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31317671441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29035716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29035716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31346707157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31346707157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31346707157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31346707157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449121.214969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449121.214969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 226841.531250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226841.531250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448713.940323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448713.940323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448713.940323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448713.940323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              527.412321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1016299932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1921171.894140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.412321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11841887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11841887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11841887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11841887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11841887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11841887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99534393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99534393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99534393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99534393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     99534393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99534393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11841946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11841946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11841946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11841946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11841946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11841946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1687023.610169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687023.610169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1687023.610169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687023.610169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1687023.610169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687023.610169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62869939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62869939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62869939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62869939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62869939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62869939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1612049.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612049.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1612049.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612049.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1612049.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612049.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                69780                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180695665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                70036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2580.039765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.125472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.874528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8204712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8204712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6795481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6795481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19552                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19552                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15855                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15855                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15000193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15000193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15000193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15000193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       182940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       182940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  79575441740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79575441740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    386173201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    386173201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  79961614941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79961614941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  79961614941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79961614941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8386715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8386715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6796418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6796418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19552                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19552                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15855                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15855                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15183133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15183133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15183133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15183133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437220.494937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437220.494937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 412137.887940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412137.887940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437092.024385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437092.024385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437092.024385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437092.024385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       334698                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       167349                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       112352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       113160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       113160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31373014484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31373014484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37017138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37017138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31410031622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31410031622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31410031622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31410031622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450431.644686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450431.644686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 286954.558140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286954.558140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450129.429951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450129.429951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450129.429951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450129.429951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              581.476695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1041177524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1776753.453925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    40.439710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.036984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.064807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11594743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11594743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11594743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11594743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11594743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11594743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97274983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97274983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11594809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11594809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11594809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11594809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11594809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11594809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1473863.378788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75594307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75594307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758007.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                79332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              448526928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                79588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5635.609991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.909240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.090760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     30351274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30351274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16615182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16615182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     46966456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       46966456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     46966456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      46966456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       291314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       291314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142545811730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142545811730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    301601480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    301601480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142847413210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 142847413210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142847413210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 142847413210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     30642294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30642294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16615476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16615476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     47257770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47257770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     47257770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47257770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 489814.486049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489814.486049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1025855.374150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1025855.374150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490355.469390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490355.469390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490355.469390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490355.469390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       622426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       622426                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           13647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       211763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       211982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       211982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        79332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37562092836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37562092836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80874235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80874235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37642967071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37642967071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  37642967071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37642967071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 473927.764563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473927.764563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1078323.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1078323.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474499.156343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474499.156343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474499.156343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474499.156343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
